DT VBZ WP that 's what	i know that 's what i always say .
PP VBZ PP it 's us	but they 'll probably put us in a situation where it 's us of them .
WP VBZ NN what 's goin	customers are sittin ' there with food in their mouths , they do n't know what 's goin ' on .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	into it i 'm ready , let 's go , right here , right now .
NN POS VBZ bunny 's is	honey bunny 's is that of the psychopathic , hair-triggered , loose cannon .
NN VHZ VVN show 's called	well , the way they pick the shows on tv is they make one show , and that show 's called a pilot .
PP VHZ VVN he 's got	he 's got a weight problem .
PP VBZ VVG it 's laying	it 's laying hands on marsellus wallace 's new wife in a familiar way .
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	jules looks at him a long moment – he 's been set up .
VVN POS NN let 's hang	it ai n't quite time , let 's hang back .
PP VBZ VVN he 's gone	well , marsellus is leavin ' for florida and when he 's gone , he wants me to take care of mia .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like when you and your buddy 's wife go to a movie or somethin ' .
WP VBZ IN what 's in	he points to a fast food drink cup what 's in this ?
PP VBZ IN it 's under	it 's under the bed .
PP VBZ RB he 's not	he 's not crying or whimpering , but he 's so full of fear , it 's as if his body is imploding .
PP VBZ : he 's ...	well he 's ... he 's ... black –
PP VBZ : he 's ...	... and he 's ... he 's ... bald –
NP POS VBZ leroy 's is	sally leroy 's is a large topless bar by lax that marsellus owns .
PP VBZ RB he 's not	even though vince is at the same table , he 's not included in the conversation .
CD POS NN one 's trudi	which one 's trudi ?
WDT VBZ VVN that 's fucked	oh man , that 's fucked up .
PP VBZ NN it 's chicken	it 's chicken shit .
PP VBZ IN it 's on	into microphone it 's on the wall by the two african fellas .
NN VBZ IN bar 's by	over intercom the bar 's by the fireplace .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	let 's go .
VVP VBZ : slim 's –	jackrabbit slim 's – night
EX VBZ NN there 's jackrabbit	but then there 's jackrabbit slim 's , the big mama of 50 's diners .
JJ VBZ SENT slim 's .	underneath the cartoon is the name : jackrabbit slim 's .
JJ VBZ SENT slim 's .	this is jackrabbit slim 's .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	come on , mia , let 's go get a steak .
VVP VBZ : slim 's –	jackrabbit slim 's – night
CD POS NN 50 's a.i.p.	posters from 50 's a.i.p.
CD POS NN 50 's street	the picture windows do n't look out the street , but instead , b & w movies of 50 's street scenes play behind them .
CD POS NNS 50 's icons	the waitresses and waiters are made up as replicas of 50 's icons : marilyn monroe , zorro , james dean , donna reed , martin and lewis , and the philip morris midget , wait on tables wearing appropriate costumes .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like a wax museum with a pulse rate .
EX VBZ CD there 's one	five , as in there 's one ... two ... three ... four ... five of us .
NN VBZ VVG artist 's gonna	she could do illusions , she was a trapeze artist – when you 're keeping the world safe from evil , you never know when being a trapeze artist 's gonna come in handy .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not what i meant and you know it .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not what you said vince .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	well now i 'm definitely not gonna tell ya , ' cause it 's been built up too much .
JJ POS NNS slim 's ladies	jackrabbit slim 's ladies room – night
VVP VBZ VVG slim 's dining	jackrabbit slim 's dining area – night
EX VBZ RB there 's not	no there 's not .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	no it 's not , it 's just what i heard .
JJ VBZ NN slim 's twist	into microphone ladies and gentlemen , now the moment you 've all been waiting for , the worldfamous jackrabbit slim 's twist contest .
VV VBZ VV let 's hear	into microphone let 's hear it for our first contestants .
VV VBZ VV let 's meet	now let 's meet our first contestants here this evening .
VV VBZ VV let 's see	into microphone all right , let 's see what you can do .
NN POS `` berry 's "	mia and vincent dance to chuck berry 's " you never can tell " .
PP VBZ IN it 's on	her hands go to her nose which feels like it 's on fucking fire , something is terribly wrong .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	mia is on all fours trying to crawl to the bathroom , but it 's like she 's trying to crawl with the bones removed from her knees .
PP VHZ VVN he 's given	now that he 's given himself a little pep talk , vincent 's ready for whatever 's waiting for him on the other side of that door .
PP VBZ VVN she 's twisted	she 's twisted on her back .
NP POS VVN mia 's fallen	vincent moves like greased lightning to mia 's fallen body .
PP VBZ VVN it 's gone	it 's gone .
PP VBZ NN she 's fuckin	i need it man , i got a chick she 's fuckin ' doing on me .
PP VBZ NP she 's odin	she 's odin ' ?
PP VBZ NN she 's dyin	she 's dyin ' .
NN POS CC lance 's and	we start in lance 's and jody 's bedroom .
PP VBZ VVG she 's wearing	she 's wearing a long tee-shirt with a picture of fred flintstone on it .
WP VBZ VVG who 's lying	as she walks in the living room , she sees vincent and lance standing over mia , who 's lying on the floor in the middle of the room .
PP VBZ NN she 's gettin	while she 's gettin ' the shot , i gotta get a medical book .
PP VBZ VVG he 's looking	he frantically starts scanning the junk for the book he 's looking for , repeating the words , " come on , " endlessly .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like a text book they give to nurses .
NN POS VVG girl 's gonna	while you 're lookin ' for it , that girl 's gonna die on our carpet .
PP VHZ VVN she 's got	but she 's got a breast plate in front of her heart , so you gotta pierce through that .
PP VBZ VVN she 's supposed	she 's supposed to come out of it like – snaps his fingers – that .
NN VBZ RP vincent 's out	vincent 's out of the car , standing on the walkway , a big distance between the two .
WP VBZ PP what 's yours	what 's yours ?
NN VBZ IN zzzzzz 's before	he lies on a table catching a few zzzzzz 's before his big fight .
PP VBZ IN it 's of	but it 's of paramount importance that during the sad weeks ahead , the eyes of the w.b.a.
PP VBZ VB he 's be	hey , if he was a better fighter he 's be alive .
VVN POS NN let 's talk	enough about the poor unfortunate mr. floyd , let 's talk about the rich and prosperous mr. butch .
PP VBZ VVG she 's drying	she 's drying her head with a towel .
VVP POS NN let 's look	well , let 's look at the grumpy man in the morning .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	no , it 's not .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	oh it most definitely should be here , but it 's not .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not your fault .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	if you did leave it at the apartment , it 's not your fault .
NN POS VVG jerk 's yelling	this jerk 's yelling makes marsellus come to .
PP VBZ NN he 's outta	he 's outta here .
WP VBZ VVG who 's brandishing	butch and marsellus look up at maynard , who 's brandishing a pumpaction shotgun , aimed at the two men .
DT VBZ NN that 's zed	that 's zed .
NN VHZ VVN boy 's got	whoa , this boy 's got a bit of fight in ' em !
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	but then he spots what he 's been looking for :
NN VBZ IN shit 's between	this shit 's between me and you and the soon-to-be-livin'- the-rest-of-his-short-ass-life-in- agonizing-pain , mr. rapist here .
RB POS NN else 's business	it ai n't nobody else 's business .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	honey , grab your radio and your purse and let 's go !
WP VBZ NN who 's zed	who 's zed ?
WP VBZ VBG what 's being	the fourth man is pacing around the small room , listening hard to what 's being said on the other side of the door , tightly clutching his huge silver .357 magnum .
PP VBZ CD he 's one	he 's one remark away from kickin ' our asses out the door .
WP VBZ NP who 's doin	do n't forget who 's doin ' who a favor .
WP VBZ IN what 's on	but what 's on my mind at this moment is n't the coffee in my kitchen , it 's the dead nigger in my garage .
NN VBZ IN phone 's in	phone 's in my bedroom .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	let 's get down to brass tacks , gentlemen .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	good enough , let 's go back to the kitchen .
NN VBZ RB help 's not	if my help 's not appreciated , lotsa luck gentlemen .
PP VBZ IN it 's because	if i 'm curt with you , it 's because time is a factor .
NP POS VVG jimmie 's gathering	jimmie 's gathering all the bedspreads , quilts and linen he has .
DT VBZ PP$ that 's my	i want to help you guys out and all , but that 's my best linen .
PP VBZ NN it 's fuckin	just know , it 's fuckin ' dangerous to be drivin ' a race car when it 's in the red .
VVP VBZ RB let 's not	well , let 's not start suckin ' each other 's dicks quite yet .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	gentlemen , let 's get our rules of the road straight .
NN VBZ VVG joe 's gonna	if i get my car back any different than i gave it , monster joe 's gonna be disposing of two bodies .
WP VBZ IN what 's with	what 's with the outfits .
PP VBZ IN he 's in	winston grabs jules ' wrist and pantomimes like he 's in a " dead zone " trance .
CD POS NNS one 's elders	respect for one 's elders shows character .
WP VBZ VVG who 's nursing	to jules , who 's nursing his coffee want a sausage ?
NN POS VVN dog 's got	but a dog 's got personality .
PP VBZ VVG he 's seeing	jules looks up , not believing what he 's seeing .
WP VBZ IN what 's in	what 's in that ?
WP VBZ NN what 's goin	what 's goin ' on ?
PP VBZ VVG it 's gonna	you do n't open up that case , it 's gonna be the last .
PP VBZ VVG it 's gonna	softly tell her it 's gonna be okay .
NN VBZ VVG nobody 's gonna	nobody 's gonna hurt anybody .
WP VBZ NN what 's fonzie	c'mon yolanda , what 's fonzie like ?
VV VBZ VV let 's see	so let 's see what we can do .
PP VBZ PP it 's yours	put it in your pocket , it 's yours .
NN POS `` cash 's "	as presentation credits begin , we hear johnny cash 's " home of the blues . "
WDT VBZ PP that 's me	it all comes down to one sap : the night-shift bellhop , that 's me .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	he 's gonna be there .
VV VBZ VV let 's calm	okay , let 's calm down a minute .
VVN POS NN let 's talk	okay ... okay ... okay ... i 'm calm , i 'm cool , let 's talk .
NN VBZ VHG nobody 's having	nobody 's having any parties , a few get-togethers , but no parties .
NN VBZ VVG building 's burning	in fact , for fifty bucks , you better not call me unless the fuckin ' building 's burning down .
VVP POS NNS ted 's eyes	just as ted 's eyes grow wide with anxiety , several packs of smokes drop into the juvenile delinquent 's hands .
DT VBZ NN that 's right	that 's right -- i smoke , and i 'm addicted to it , and i do n't want the same thing to happen to you .
PP VBZ IN she 's on	i ca n't leave her at home -- she 's on probation and i gotta keep an eye on her .
NN POS RB let 's not	let 's not forget -- i am the high fucking priestess .
VV VBZ VV ted 's face	close on ted 's face as he gets thoroughly grossed out .
PP VBZ VVG she 's revealing	elspeth is enthralled , but from a disgusted " ick " sound from jezebel , elspeth realizes she 's revealing this side of her life -- in front of her coven .
VVP POS NN ted 's attention	amazingly , ted 's attention is captivated by eva 's sorrow , not by the naked charms of the other witches .
VV VBZ VVG ted 's getting	ted 's getting the creeps , but again puffs himself up .
PP VBZ IN it 's against	besides , it 's against hotel policy .
NN VBZ RP joke 's over	ha , c'mon now , joke 's over .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not flea powder , that 's sacred dust ground from the horns of albino goats .
NN VBZ VVG betty 's gonna	betty 's gonna kill me !
VV VBZ VV let 's get	okay , girls , enough sex education 101 , let 's get going with our ritual , goddammit .
VV VBZ VV let 's leave	let 's leave her here , with the sword , until dawn .
WDT VBZ RB that 's not	pause , he checks his computer that 's not what the machine tells me .
WP VBZ VVG what 's going	look my name is ted , actually , and i have no idea what 's going on here , but i 've obviously come at a bad time .
NN POS RB let 's not	let 's not belabor the fact that you have no sense of timing , theodore .
VVP POS NN ted 's temple	suddenly , with great force , sigfried slams the butt of his pistol smack into ted 's temple , sending him to the floor .
VVP VBZ VVN let 's cut	but let 's cut to the chase , okay ?
VV VBZ VV let 's get	let 's get our abc 's right , here , theodore .
NP POS VHD sigfried 's had	sigfried 's had enough .
VV VBZ VV let 's drag	let 's drag it out .
PP VBZ VVG he 's making	listen , lady , i do n't know what in the hell is going on here , but i 'd appreciate it if you would explain to that nutcase that he 's making a big mistake .
PP VBZ VVN he 's heard	sigfried suddenly comes to life ... he 's heard from the bathroom belting out " life is but a dream ... she-boom , she- boom . "
PP VBZ VVG he 's coming	she panics quick , he 's coming back .
VVP POS NN ted 's spine	sigfried coughs , sending a chill up ted 's spine .
VVP POS NNS ted 's fingers	ted 's fingers are frozen over angela 's lips .
PP VBZ VV it 's ted	my name is not theodore , it 's ted , ted , ted , t ... e ... d ... ted ... not teddy , not theodore ... ted ... yes , my mother did me the service of naming me theodore and i have n't a clue as to how you know that because everyone who knows that lives a long way away from here .
VVP POS NN ted 's hand	sigfried holds onto ted 's hand .
VVP POS NN ted 's mouth	sigfried moves uncomfortably close to ted and from out of nowhere bolts forward , planting a wet kiss right on ted 's mouth .
VV VBZ VV ted 's face	sigfried pulls ted 's face closer to his .
PP VBZ IN it 's in	get me the nitro ... it 's in the bathroom cabinet .
PP VBZ VVN he 's got	he figures this is the best chance he 's got to make a break .
VVP VBZ IN ted 's in	outside the window , ted 's in another world .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not his blood .
VVP POS NN ted 's strength	it takes all ted 's strength to dodge the puke and pull himself back into the bathroom .
WP VHZ VBN who 's been	ted turns on a dime and runs smack into sigfried , who 's been taking in the whole conversation .
VVP POS NN ted 's chest	sigfried slowly raises his gun , pointing it directly at ted 's chest .
PP VBZ VVN he 's got	whimpering he 's got a huge cock ?
PP VBZ VVG she 's lying	she 's lying again , mister .
PP VBZ VVG she 's lying	come on , man , she 's lying .
PP VBZ VVG she 's fucking	ca n't you see she 's fucking with you ?
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not me , mister , i swear .
VV VBZ VV let 's call	continuing so you know what i say , let 's call it a truce , kiddo .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not for everyone , but maybe in your case it could help .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like a big black carpet rolled out as far as the eye can see .
VVP VBZ VVG ted 's walking	the guy takes off in the direction ted 's walking from .
PP VBZ VVG he 's smoking	juancho picks up the cigarette and pretends he 's smoking too , just like his dad .
PP VBZ VVG she 's looking	she 's looking at the door man and wife just disappeared through .
VVP VBZ NN ted 's face	man grabs ted 's face and tilts it torward wife .
VVP POS NN ted 's face	man lets go of ted 's face .
VV VBZ VV ted 's face	man whips out his wallet and counts out money in ted 's face .
VVP POS NN ted 's chest	he physically pokes his finger in ted 's chest .
PP VBZ VV it 's ted	it 's ted .
VVP POS NN ted 's name	man tears off ted 's name tag and throws it to children .
VVP POS NN ted 's pocket	man puts the money in ted 's pocket and then grabs his ear , pulling him close .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not what he said .
VV VBZ VVN ted 's surprised	ted 's surprised by a challenge this early in the game .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not what the machine tells me .
PP VBZ IN it 's before	well , it 's before midnight .
PP VBZ NN it 's nighttime	you know , it 's nighttime and you wanna run around and act crazy .
PP VBZ VVG it 's doing	the smell helps clear your sinuses too , so it 's doing double duty .
VVP POS NNS ted 's eyes	extreme close-up on ted 's eyes .
VVP POS NN ted 's phone	ted 's phone ringing .
PP VBZ IN she 's in	near tears i do n't know , but she 's in my bed !
PP VBZ VVG she 's pulling	she 's pulling the mattress back over the corpse again .
VV VBZ VV ted 's face	close on ted 's face as the elevator car races up seven floors .
VVP POS NN ted 's mouth	vomit spews out of ted 's mouth .
VVP POS NN ted 's leg	sarah grabs the hypodermic needle from under the curtain and stabs it into ted 's leg .
PP VBZ VVG he 's looking	he 's looking mean .
VV VBZ VV ted 's leg	we pan down ted 's leg to find the hypodermic needle jutting out ... then pan over to the other hand holding the broken syringe plunger .
NN VBZ RP party 's over	party 's over , she probably went home .
PP VBZ VVN she 's got	she 's got curly red hair .
VVP VBZ VVG say 's calling	who -- who should i say 's calling ?
NN VBZ IN work 's on	tell ' em teddy from work 's on the phone , and it 's a major fuckin ' emergency .
NN VBZ VVG year 's starting	this year 's starting off pretty badly .
VVP POS NN harry 's gun	like dirty harry 's gun .
VVP POS NN ted 's head	ted 's head turns toward it .
PP VBZ RP it 's out	no , it 's out .
EX VHZ VBN there 's been	there 's been a bit of an effort to make himself appear a bit less disheveled than in the last scene .
PP VBZ NN it 's angela	a woman opens the door , it 's angela from alex 's story .
PP VHZ VVN he 's pulled	after only one movie , he 's pulled the sword out of the stone .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not what i was saying , but would you care for some champagne ?
PP VBZ NN it 's fuckin	it 's fuckin ' good .
VV VBZ VV let 's try	let 's try it again , shall we ?
PP VBZ NN it 's fuckin	it 's fuckin ' good .
PP VBZ NN it 's fuckin	it 's fuckin ' cristal , everything else is piss .
PP VBZ VBG he 's being	ted knows he 's being laughed at , but not why .
DT VBZ IN that 's from	that 's from quadrophenia .
PP VBZ CD it 's one	you should , it 's one of jerry 's better movies .
NN VBZ VV name 's ted	the name 's ted , angela .
NP POS IN angela 's like	angela 's like you , ted , a newfound friend .
PP VBZ NN it 's somethin	well , it 's somethin ' to see .
VVP POS NN ted 's hand	chester shakes ted 's hand .
PP VBZ NP it 's fuckin	it 's fuckin ' flat , norman , that 's what 's wrong .
PP VBZ VVN it 's projected	and my new one , the dog catcher , it 's projected to break a hundred .
NN VBZ RP tantrum 's over	the tantrum 's over , and chester 's back to his fast-talking , good-natured self .
VV VBZ VV let 's stroll	now let 's stroll over here and see what goodies you brought us .
VVN VBZ RB let 's not	i 'm not a frog and you 're not a bunny , so let 's not jump ahead .
DT VBZ IN that 's for	that 's for me .
PP VBZ VVN he 's told	ted is completely confused and starting to get a little scared , but he does what he 's told .
NN VBZ VVG anybody 's talking	ted does n't know what anybody 's talking about , which is just fine with him .
NN VHZ VBN theodore 's been	theodore 's been here fifteen minutes and you 've talked about everything but .
NN VBZ VVG norman 's putting	pause norman 's putting up his pinky against chester 's mint convertible , 1964 red convertible chevy corvelle that he can light his zippo ten times in a row .
NN VBZ VVG zippo 's gonna	and the fuckin ' truth is , my lucky zippo 's gonna win me chester 's car .
NN VBZ VVN norman 's protected	so norman 's protected .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	if norman lights his lighter ten times in a row , he 's gonna have no emotional problems about taking my car keys whatsoever .
NP POS IN alzheimer 's of	and some that stick with you for the rest of your natural life -- he lays another bill on the pile -- barring alzheimer 's of course .
VV VBZ VV let 's do	let 's do it right now , before i change my mind .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	it might 've been a bad night , but it 's been a profitable one .
NN VBZ VVG everybody 's screaming	everybody 's screaming , yelling different things to one another .
PP VBZ VVG he 's screaming	norman has a bloody towel wrapped around his hand , he 's screaming and crying .
NN VBZ VVG leo 's trying	leo 's trying to direct everything .
NN VBZ IN everybody 's in	everybody 's in frantic activity , except for angela , who stands back , drinks her drink , and watches the show .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	it 's been fun .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	no it 's not .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not about a nice girl who meets a sensitive boy .
PP VBZ NN she 's gettin	now she 's gettin ' this serious dick action , she 's feelin ' something she ai n't felt since forever .
PP VBZ NN it 's fuckin	yeah , it 's fuckin ' great is n't it ?
VV VBZ VV let 's get	so let 's get this straight .
NN VBZ IN shit 's for	but this tipping automatically , that shit 's for the birds .
RB VBZ VVG so 's working	so 's working at mcdonald 's , but you do n't feel the need to tip them .
WDT VBZ VVN that 's fucked	that 's fucked up .
PP VHZ VVN he 's convinced	he 's convinced me .
NN POS VVZ joe 's comes	joe 's comes back to the table .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	okay ramblers , let 's get to rambling .
VVP POS NN let 's move	just throw in your dollar , and let 's move .
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	he 's been shot in the stomach .
PP VBZ VVG he 's driving	though he 's driving for his life , he keeps talking to his wounded passenger in the backseat .
NN VBZ VVG joe 's gonna	i 'm taking you back to the rendezvous , joe 's gonna get you a doctor , the doctor 's gonna fix you up , and you 're gonna be okay .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	let 's go in the other room ...
WP VBZ VVN what 's done	what 's done is done , i need you cool .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	okay , let 's go through what happened .
NN POS VVG everything 's going	we 're in the place , everything 's going fine .
PP VBZ VVG she 's listening	we hear the song she 's listening to loud over the soundtrack .
PP VBZ VVG she 's twirling	she 's twirling and skating backwards to the beat of the song .
WRB VBZ NN how 's alabama	how 's alabama ?
PP VBZ NP he 's doin	he 's doin ' twenty years in susanville .
WP VBZ VVG who 's standing	we follow behind him up to mr. white , who 's standing over mr. orange .
WP VBZ VVN who 's shot	we got a guy who 's shot in the belly , he ca n't walk , he bleeds like a stuck pig , and when he 's awake , he screams in pain .
PP VBZ VVN he 's supposed	he 's supposed to be here , but he ai n't , which is making me nervous about being here .
PP VHZ VVN he 's got	joe planned a robbery , but he 's got a blood bath on his hands now .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	i tend to doubt he 's gonna have a lot of sympathy for our plight .
PP VBZ PP$ it 's his	since he do n't know nothin ' about us , i say it 's his decision .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	i 'm tryin ' to comfort him , telling him not to worry , he 's gonna be okay , i 'm gonna take care of him .
PP VBZ IN it 's against	what the fuck was i supposed to tell him , " sorry , i ca n't give out that information , it 's against the rules .
DT VBZ IN/that that 's that	well that 's that , then .
PP VBZ PP$ it 's my	and you , you motherfucker , are looking at me like it 's my fault .
NN POS VVG somebody 's gonna	somebody 's gonna start crying .
NN VBZ VVG nobody 's going	nobody 's going anywhere .
VV VBZ VV let 's figure	so let 's figure out who 's the bad guy .
PP VBZ IN he 's on	he 's on his way down here , and nobody 's going anywhere till be gets here .
VVP POS NN let 's talk	since we got to wait for nice guy eddie anyway , let 's talk to our boy in blue here and see if he knows anything about this rat business .
NN VBZ IN joe 's on	joe 's on the phone , sitting behind his desk .
WP VHZ PP$ who 's your	while he pours the drink who 's your parole officer ?
NN VHZ VBN head 's been	that your head 's been up your ass .
PP VBZ VVG he 's doing	finally somebody who knows what the fuck he 's doing .
PP VBZ VVG he 's ruining	he 's ruining me !
PP VBZ VVG he 's taking	my son , i love him , but he 's taking my business and flushing it down the fuckin ' toilet ! "
NN VBZ IN joe 's on	joe 's on his feet yelling at them .
NN VBZ RP playtime 's over	playtime 's over !
PP VBZ VVN it 's backed	it 's backed up into his brain and comes out of his mouth .
PP VHZ VVN he 's got	now vic was tellin ' me , he 's got a parole problem .
PP VHZ VVN he 's got	i call up matthews , the foreman , tell him he 's got a new guy .
PP VBZ VVN it 's clocked	you got a timecard , it 's clocked in and out for you everyday , and you get a pay check at the end of the week .
WP VBZ VVG what 's going	i 'll introduce you to matthews , tell him what 's going on .
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	he 's been gone for four years .
CD POS NN one 's list	he ai n't on no one 's list .
PP VBZ NN he 's fuckin	he 's fuckin ' driving around with the cop in his trunk .
WP VBZ NN what 's goin	you askin ' what 's goin ' on ?
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	no shit , he 's gonna fuckin ' die on us if we do n't get him taken care of .
PP VBZ NN he 's comin	dov said he 's comin ' out here , and he 's fucking pissed .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	well , let 's go get it .
NN VBZ VVN joe 's pissed	and if you think joe 's pissed at us , that ai n't nothing compared to how pissed off i am at him , for puttin ' me in the same room as this bastard .
PP VHZ VVN he 's seen	not after he 's seen everybody .
PP VBZ VVG he 's going	white and pink come with me , ' cuz if joe gets here and sees all those fucking cars parked out front , he 's going to be as mad at me as he is at you .
VV VBZ VV let 's see	let 's see what 's on k-billy 's " super sounds of the seventies " weekend .
NN POS SYM cop 's /	mr. blonde just stares into the cop 's / our face , holding the razor , singing along with the song .
NN POS SYM cop 's /	mr. blonde just stares into the cop 's / our face , singing along with the seventies hit .
NN POS SYM cop 's /	then he reaches out and cuts off the cop 's / our ear .
WP VBZ VVG who 's begging	mr. blonde pours the gasoline all over the cop , who 's begging him not to do this .
NN POS VVN kid 's gashed	the gun-shot mr. orange looks at the kid 's gashed face and the hole in the side of his head where his ear used to be .
PP VBZ IN he 's on	you heard ' em , they said he 's on his way .
PP VBZ VVG he 's waiting	he 's waiting for somebody .
NN VBZ VVG cabot 's doing	cabot 's doing a job and take a big fat guess who he wants on the team ?
WP VBZ VVG who 's standing	low angle looking up at freddy , who 's standing at the table .
NN VBZ VVG freddy 's doing	freddy 's doing a lot of talking , but we ca n't hear what they 're saying .
PP VBZ VVN he 's gotta	he 's gotta be from outta town .
NP VBZ VVN holdaway 's talked	holdaway 's talked enough , he 's eating his burger now .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like a joke .
PP VBZ VVG he 's reading	he 's reading it pretty good , but he 's still reading it from the page , and every once in a while he stumbles over his words .
WDT VBZ RB that 's not	" hey , if you guys ca n't control your smokin , that 's not my problem .
PP VBZ VVG she 's trying	and she 's trying to talk me into not quitin ' .
PP VBZ IN he 's in	... her brother usually goes with her , but he 's in county unexpectedly .
PP VBZ NN he 's barkin	he 's barkin ' at me .
NN VBZ VVN gun 's drawn	sheriff #2 so my gun 's drawn , right ?
NP POS VVN eddie 's parked	from inside an unmarked car across the street , the two cops watching freddy see him walk out of his building and up to eddie 's parked car .
WRB VBZ NN where 's lady	so i asked him " hey , carlos , where 's lady e tonight ? "
NN VBZ VVN guy 's inebriated	so while the guy 's inebriated , she strips him naked .
NN VBZ RP caper 's over	when this caper 's over , and i 'm sure it 's gonna be a successful one , hell , we 'll go down to the hawaiian island and i 'll roar and laugh with all of you .
PP VBZ VV he 's ok	but he 's ok . if he was n't ok , he would n't be here .
WP VBZ VVG who 's gonna	you get four guys fighting over who 's gonna be mr. black .
VVN POS NN let 's move	i 'm mr. pink , let 's move on .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	let 's go to work .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	let 's go over it .
PP VBZ VVN he 's parked	he 's parked across the street till i give him the signal , then he pulls up in front of the store .
CD POS NN one 's givin	so if one 's givin ' you static , he probably thinks he 's a real cowboy .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	i 'm hungry , let 's get a taco .
CD VBZ , .45 's ,	firing both .45 's , mr. white massacres everyone in the patrol car .
NN VHZ VVN bitch 's got	the bitch 's got a gun !
WP VBZ VVN what 's happened	as he falls to the ground he realizes what 's happened to him and what he 's done .
WP VBZ VVG what 's happening	daddy , i 'm sorry , i do n't know what 's happening .
VV VBZ VV let 's give	let 's give key lime a day in court .
PP VBZ NN it 's mabel	points at name tag it 's mabel .
DT VBZ IN that 's for	that 's for jerry 's kids , not rock ' n roll .
PP VBZ VVG she 's doing	sonny stands in front of mallory , trying to copy what she 's doing .
NN POS `` smith 's "	a new song automatically drops on -- patti smith 's " rock ' n roll nigger " or l7 's " shitlist " pumping the room to a new peak of murder and insanity .
NN VBZ VVG woman 's mopping	just because my woman 's mopping up the floor with your buddy is no reason for you to join in .
WP VBZ VVG who 's standing	mickey spots earl , who 's standing outside the plate glass window .
NN VHZ VVN earl 's watched	earl 's watched the whole shebang .
PP VBZ VVG she 's sitting	she 's sitting on top of sonny , slamming his head repeatedly on the floor .
WP VBZ VVG who 's shaking	mickey trains his .45 on pinball cowboy , who 's shaking in his cowboy boots .
WP VBZ VVG who 's clutching	mickey aims at mabel , who 's clutching the coffee pot , crying .
NP VBZ VVG mabel 's dodging	mabel 's dodging around screaming .
NN VBZ `` eddy 's "	the song track acquires a second and possibly third song , all clashing on the track at the same time possibly older fare like duane eddy 's " rebel rouser " or shangri-la 's " leader of the pack " with some " madame butterfly " thrown in .
CD POS NN 70 's type	in the foreground possibly grainy , black-and-white 16 mm , " breathless " style cinema verite , mickey drives a 70 's type american muscle car fast suggestions : a plymouth cuda , dodge challenger , coup de ville cadillac .
PP VBZ VVG it 's taking	the car feels like it 's taking flight .
PP VBZ VVG she 's singing	she 's singing " ai n't nobody 's business " by billy holiday .
NN VBZ IN tv 's on	the tv 's on to " thelma and louise " blasting it out with the cops .
VV VBZ VV let 's stay	nah , let 's stay in , he looks off to the corner we got plenty action here .
PP VBZ IN she 's like	she 's like a cat , purring , nestling for his warmth .
PP VBZ VVG he 's looking	it could be the tv he 's looking at ; we 're not sure .
NN VBZ VVN mallory 's pulled	a little outside town , mallory 's pulled into an all-night gas station .
PP VBZ VVG he 's working	a young gas attendant slides out from under a corvette he 's working on in the garage .
NN VHZ VVN guy 's got	this fuckin ' guy 's got me worn down to a bare fuckin ' nub .
NN VHZ VBN radio 's been	the radio 's been playing something zonal like " alive " by pearl jam or " dizz knee land " by dada .
PP VBZ PP it 's me	sure mall , take it easy ... it 's me , your lover , not some demon .
NN POS VVN man 's got	indian in navajo to the boy good looking woman ... uh ... man 's got things in his head he ca n't get out ... demons .
PP VBZ VVG he 's moaning	he 's moaning and sweating .
PP VBZ IN it 's over	it 's over mickey !
NN VBZ VVG mallory 's taking	mallory 's taking a bite out of it .
NN POS VVN pharmacist 's terrified	the pharmacist 's terrified eyes carry from the television to mickey trying to get his attention out the booth .
WRB VBZ '' how 's '	my lady friend and i are pretty sick ... i think we 're dyin ' , but you never can tell these things ... so how 's ' bout ungluing your fat ass from the boob tube and getting us some snakebite juice , okay ?
EX VBZ NN there 's nothing	if i do n't kill you , there 's nothing to talk about , is there ?
PP VHZ VVN he 's gotta	he 's gotta stay .
PP VHZ VVN he 's gotta	he 's gotta go down with her .
PP VBZ VVN she 's secured	she 's secured !
WP VHZ VVN who 's shown	i have n't met one motherfucker here who 's shown me shit !
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like that other lie -- " love makes the world go round . "
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	he 's been stabbed over and over .
PP VBZ RB he 's not	he 's not eating .
PP VBZ RB he 's not	he 's not chewing .
PP VBZ RB he 's not	he 's not blinking .
PP VBZ VVG he 's looking	the man he 's looking at is nervous , jacked up on speed .
NN POS VVN mallory 's glassed	hold on scagnetti as he walks up to mallory 's glassed cell -- very white , very medical .
PP VBZ VVN he 's got	cause he 's got a special visitor .
NN VHZ VVN stool 's got	a worm in my blood stool 's got more attraction to me .
PP VBZ VBG he 's being	the first sit down , in- depth interview with the most charismatic serial killer ever , one day before he 's being shipped to a mental hospital for the rest of his life .
NN VBZ VVG tv 's gonna	every sonofabitch out there witha tv 's gonna be looking at you mickey , listening to your words .
WP VBZ VVG what 's going	now you 're not supposed to know anything about what 's going on with her , but since you two been sentenced , mallory has n't spoken one word .
CD VBZ VVG one 's gonna	and no one 's gonna give a flying fuck about two dead losers .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	maybe you know jack scagnetti -- he 's gonna be helping us with the transfer .
PP VBZ VVN it 's bound	it 's bound to stir ' em up .
PP VBZ VVN it 's gotta	it 's gotta be done my way .
PP VBZ VVN she 's scared	she 's scared .
PP VBZ IN it 's in	if it 's in my house , it 's my ass .
NN VBZ IN something 's inside	well ... maybe something 's inside you told you to get ready ... ever think about that ? ... fate .
WP VBZ VVG who 's taking	mallory , 2 years older , the braces gone , is visiting her love , mickey , who 's taking on convict mannerisms -- early stages that are refined into the later , more famous mickey .
PP VBZ VVG he 's doing	he 's doing 2 years for car theft .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	he got a doctor to say you raped me and he 's gonna bring more charges .
NN VBZ VVN dad 's dazed	dad 's dazed .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	oh , it 's not what i had in mind .
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	mickey pulls out the two wedding rings he 's been saving .
NN VBZ VVG life 's falling	cuts off , to julie my life 's falling apart .
PP VBZ VVG it 's coming	it 's coming to an end .
NN POS CC mickey 's and	in a large crowd gathered outside mickey 's and mallory 's trial , wayne interview three long haired guys , cinema verite style , jumpcutting their response time .
NN VBZ VV knox 's speak	two japanese teens dressed like the knox 's speak in japanese which is translated in english .
PP VBZ IN he 's on	cut in right when he 's on that horrific fuckin ' laugh .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like this , wayne .
NNS POS `` l7 's "	music pumps in possible l7 's " shitlist " or pearl jam 's " alive "
PP VBZ PP$ it 's your	put jimmy on ... pause , his son comes on ... hi jimmy , it 's your pop !
NN VBZ TO mickey 's to	the very first thing that was strange was the decision of mickey 's to act as his own counsel .
PP VBZ RB she 's not	what ? ... she 's not onto it , no.
NN VHZ VVN mallory 's got	mallory 's got the knife to her neck .
NN POS VVG lee 's fighting	because it was bruce lee 's fighting style .
PP POS NN it 's time	well do you believe you have any choice when it 's time for you to die ?
NN VBZ VVG mickey 's pacing	mickey 's pacing back and forth in his cell , talking to himself in the mirrors , over the washbasin .
NN VBZ VVG mickey 's pretending	mickey 's pretending he 's calming down a hysterical audience .
PP VBZ : it 's ...	oswald might 've been a pussy but he was a great shot listens ... yeah , it 's ...
PP VBZ IN it 's in	believe me when i tell you , it 's in mickey knox 's best interest to play this game according to hoyle .
VV VBZ VV let 's roll	mickey tv smiles let 's roll the fuckin ' bleep dice , wayne .
PP VBZ VVN it 's made	it 's made to look like a one on one but we now see mcclusky 's deputies , among them wurlitzer and kavanaugh , are quite close , just out of camera range .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	ok ok mickey , let 's go on to something else .
PP VBZ VVG he 's doing	god created me ... if what i did was so bad why did n't he stop me ... why did n't he protect me when i was a kid ... he 's doing it , not me .
NN VBZ VVN level 's agreed	the theory that the jews wanted to be victims walking into the gas chambers at auschwitz ; that even genocide at some level 's agreed upon ... ?
PP VBZ IN it 's because	when a mountain lion takes down an elk , it 's because it 's the elk 's time to go , and all the b.s.
NP VBZ VVN wayne 's puzzled	wayne 's puzzled .
PP VBZ VVN it 's supposed	it 's supposed to look like me and mickey alone !
NN VHZ VVN everyone 's got	everyone 's got the demon .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like being in the garden of eden ...
PP VBZ VVN she 's gotta	now i met some women were really crocodiles in my time but this little lady--i think she 's gotta sweet streak for me .
PP VBZ PP it 's you	and if i ever met a girl who needs a friend , it 's you .
DT VBZ PP that 's it	that 's it , is n't it ?
NN VHZ VVN mickey 's got	mickey 's got a big donkey dick .
PP VBZ VVG he 's playing	he 's playing with a cobra here , and he knows it .
WDT VBZ IN what 's in	points to his heart what 's in here ?
VV VBZ VV let 's cut	wayne with mike wallace intensity awright , mickey ... now let 's cut the bs , let 's get real .
NN VBZ VVG hell 's going	i got to see what the hell 's going on down there before i can let you film anywhere , it all started cause of your goddamn peckerhead show in the first place !
PP VBZ VVG he 's dealing	this nanderfuck do n't know what he 's dealing with here , but we do .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	let 's go !
PP VBZ VVG he 's driving	mickey , as little johnny , draws a square in the air , and acts like he 's driving .
PP VBZ VVG he 's kissing	mickey , as little johnny , acts like he 's kissing .
PP VBZ VVG he 's undressing	mickey , as little johnny , acts like he 's undressing .
NN VBZ VVG mickey 's gonna	wayne in the corner , cowering , thinks mickey 's gonna kill him .
WP VBZ IN who 's on	mickey grabs the burly kavanaugh , who 's on his knees , by the collar .
PP VBZ RB he 's not	he 's not thinking straight .
PP VHZ VVN he 's lost	he 's lost it .
PP VBZ VVG he 's moving	he 's moving his lips closer to hers .
PP VBZ VVG he 's screaming	his body is bending like a branch , and he 's screaming .
PP VBZ IN/that it 's that	it 's that or death , bergman !
EX VBZ VVG there 's gonna	i was too soft , wurly ... when i get my prison back , there 's gonna be hell to pay !
EX VBZ VVG there 's gonna	there 's gonna be hell to pay !
NP POS VVD wayne 's crouched	wayne 's crouched , moving backwards , trying to reassert control over the situation as well as his own terror .
PP VHZ VVN it 's taken	mallory inbetween kisses it 's taken you so long to come to me .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	she does n't mean that ... mai ly , it 's not " either-or , " that 's bullshit ... it 's not evidence ... mai ly i ca n't talk to you like this ... look i 'll be there as soon as i can ... two , maybe three hours , we 'll settle this , i promise ... i promise ... what do you mean ' is this real ? '
VV VBZ VV let 's go	let 's go .
NN VBZ VVN mickey 's hit	technician 1 goes down and mickey 's hit in the leg , but keeps on running and firing .
PP VBZ VVG he 's dying	kavanaugh is hit again , looks like he 's dying .
PP VBZ VVG he 's blasting	he 's blasting down the approaching deputies , letting gas grenades blur the corridor .
VV VBZ VV let 's kill	let 's kill all these motherfuckers !
VV VBZ VV let 's go	mickey grabbing kavanaugh let 's go ! !
NN VBZ VVG mickey 's pacing	mickey 's pacing , ignoring his wound .
PP VHZ VBN she 's been	we now see she 's been shot .
VV VBZ VV let 's do	let 's do a butch cassidy and the sundance kid .
NN VBZ VVN scene 's intercut	note : the scene 's intercut between video footage and color 35 mm .
PP VBZ VVG he 's doing	but mickey knows what he 's doing .
PP VBZ VVG he 's going	mcclusky looks like he 's going to pop his cerebral cortex .
NN VBZ VVG mallory 's pointing	mallory 's pointing the camera at him ; she 's laughing at what he says .
NN VBZ VVN mallory 's taped	wayne takes the camera from mallory , while mickey , his wounds like mallory 's taped , paces in and out of frame ; in the bg , gradually leaving frame , is owen .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	laughs i mean it 's not like we care ... if they wanna say we masterminded the whole thing , let ' em .
NN VBZ VVG mickey 's snapping	mickey 's snapping his fingers in the b.g.
VVN POS NN let 's hurry	c'mon , c'mon , let 's hurry this up .
JJ POS NN other 's company	just enjoy each other 's company ...
VV VBZ VV let 's make	john wayne voice to mallory let 's make a little music colorada .
WDT VBZ NP that 's fo	we 're gonna give it a try , we love each other , that 's fo ' sure .
NN VBZ VVG owen 's joking	mickey turns his head to see if owen 's joking .
WP VBZ VVG what 's standing	is that what 's standing between you and me ?
PP VBZ VVN she 's taken	then she 's taken away to whereabouts unknown , never to be seen again .
NN POS VVN ace 's discarded	django watches in the dark , the german climb down off his horse , pick up ace 's discarded lantern , and walk over to the remaining speck .
PP VBZ VVG it 's pissing	it 's pissing rain outside .
PP VBZ PP$ it 's your	no it ai n't , it 's your horse .
WDT VBZ VVN that 's settled	now that that 's settled ... .
NN VBZ IN beer 's from	the german stands up , and walks-behind the bar , and pours two beer 's from the tap into mugs .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> it 's like a reward .
NN VBZ RP fun 's over	okay boys , fun 's over , come on out .
NP POS VVP marshall 's voice	marshall 's voice you in the saloon !
PP VBZ RB it 's not	replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> still , seventy-five dollars in your back pocket is a pretty nice grub steak , but it 's not going to get you very far in greenville .
NN POS '' pony 's "	while there are plenty black males out in the cotton fields , the majority of the slave population of bennett manor is replaced-dns <repdns text="pretty.black" /> females , fourteen to twenty-four , referred to as , " pony 's " .
PP VBZ IN it 's against	it 's against the law for niggers to ride horses in this territory .
NN POS VVG pony 's surrounding	this makes the pretty pony 's surrounding bennett , giggle .
WDT VBZ RB that 's not	no that 's not what i said .
PP VBZ IN it 's for	you know yourself it 's for your own good .
VVP VBZ NN see 's django	up , and in a discarded full length broken mirror from the big house , laying abandoned against the stable wall , he see 's django , dressed in his powder blue satin little lord flauntleroy outfit , surrounded by his pack of little french bulldogs .
PP VBZ VVG he 's going	django crosses toward big john , raising up his arm like he 's going to shake his hand ...
DT VBZ NN that 's john	that 's john brittle , and that 's his little brother raj .
PP VBZ PP$ he 's my	the man to my left is django freeman , he 's my .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	load up the bodies as quickly as you can , and let 's get out of here .
NN VBZ VVG nobody 's saying	look nobody 's saying they do n't appreciate what jenny did .
VVN POS RB let 's not	look , let 's not forget why we 're here .
NN VBZ RP something 's up	they surround the camp , and when the sleeping schultz and django do n't react , they know something 's up .
PP VBZ VVG he 's getting	schultz next to him , says ; replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> he 's getting away .
PP VBZ VVG he 's getting	replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> he 's getting out of range .
PP VBZ VVN he 's done	when he 's done , django looks damn handsome in his new duds .
NP POS IN broomhilda 's on	broomhilda 's on a mountain ?
PP VBZ VVG he 's beginning	from now on as replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> talks , he 's beginning to realize something he was n't aware of when the conversation started .
PP VBZ RB he 's not	he defeats the dragon , because he 's not replaced-dns <repdns text="afraid.of" /> him .
PP VBZ VVG he 's going	he pours django and himself some more tea out of a fancy tea pot , as he thinks about what he 's going to say next .
WP VBZ RB what 's not	what 's not to like ?
NN VBZ VVG django 's going	by the end of the scene , after trial and error , we see django 's going to be good at this .
WP VBZ VVG who 's hiding	smitty bacall is a stagecoach robber who 's hiding out as a farmer , because there 's a seven thousand dollar bounty on his head .
NN VBZ IN son 's with	his son 's with him .
PP VBZ VVN he 's built	django practices his quick draw against a snowman he 's built .
PP VBZ VVN she 's gone	django catches a quick glimpse of broomhild.a. running with the other ladies , then she 's gone from view .
PP VBZ VVG she 's beginning	she 's beginning to realize the young master is the shy type .
NN VHZ VVN harmony 's bought	basically the harmony 's bought a slave bride for young master scotty that day .
NN VBZ VHG scotty 's having	scotty 's having such a good time with his fancy friends he opts to stay behind .
PP VBZ VVG she 's gonna	she 's gonna scrape every pimple .
WDT VBZ WP that 's what	i called you a card cheatin ' son of a bitch , cause that 's what you are !
PP VHZ VBN she 's been	she 's been taught to smile and say :
NP POS IN calvin 's in	calvin 's in the billiard room , follow me .
WP VBZ VVG who 's rooting	an older european looking man , who 's rooting for the mandingo that calvin 's not rooting for , is also in the room .
WP VBZ VVG who 's licking	he looks to sheba , who 's licking her fingers from the crawdads .
NN VBZ VV devil 's know	these poor devil 's know their fate is pretty dismal .
PP VBZ VVG he 's playing	he 's playing the role of a fucker black slaver , he ca n't let that shit stand .
NP POS IN broomhilda 's at	replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> i 've confirmed broomhilda 's at candyland .
WP VBZ VVG who 's missing	billy crash , a hillbilly overseer who 's missing his two front teeth , rides up .
PP VBZ VVN he 's covered	not to mention he 's covered in cuts , like he 's been drug through a briar patch .
PP VHZ VVN he 's seen	he 's seen this little drama play out many times before .
PP VBZ NN he 's alexander	they all greet monsieur calvin candie , who naturally leads the procession , as if he 's alexander the great returning from the wars .
WP VBZ NN who 's stephen	who 's stephen ?
VV VBZ VV let 's keep	whoa , whoa , whoa , stephen , let 's keep it funny .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	he 's gonna stay in the big house ?
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	you know since i started fightin ' niggers about eleven years ago , it 's been a new lease on'life .
DT VBZ NN that 's fritz	that 's fritz , this is tony .
PP VBZ IN he 's in	once he 's in the stable , give ' em that .
NP POS IN hildi 's in	hildi 's in the hot box .
PP VBZ VVG he 's going	if they sicked those dogs on his angel , he 's going to just kill all these motherfuckers right now .
CD VBZ PP one 's yours	this one 's yours , boy .
NP VBZ VVN broomhilda 's gone	broomhilda 's gone .
PP VBZ VVN he 's told	stephen does what he 's told , but with attitude .
NN VBZ VVN stephen 's done	once stephen 's done , django stands up from the bed .
VV VBZ VV let 's see	and after i do that , let 's see you play the rooster round here .
PP VBZ VVN she 's dressed	lara lee , cora , and a traumatized , but cleaned up she 's dressed in a domestic maid uniform broomhilda stand outside replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> ' s door , after calvin 's sister raps on it .
WRB VBZ PP why 's he	- by the way , why 's he called eskimo joe ?
NN VBZ PP$ samson 's your	replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> irregardless , we all know samson 's your best , and you 'll never sell him and i can see why , he 's a champion .
WP VBZ VVG who 's wielding	including broomhilda , who 's wielding the gravy boat .
NN POS VVN lee 's mashed	after django says that , while in shock , she over pours beef gravy on lara lee 's mashed potatoes .
NN VBZ `` hildi 's "	you know monsieur candle , the doctor might be interested in seein ' hildi 's " peeled " back .
PP VBZ VVG he 's starting	stephen hears this , he 's starting to get the idea .
PP VBZ VVN he 's shot	stuffed animal heads deer , boar that he 's shot , sit mounted on the walls .
NP POS IN django 's in	well they 're doin ' it cause django 's in love with hildi .
VVP POS NN let 's talk	but why do n't you sit down and let 's talk about this .
VV VBZ VV let 's discuss	calm-the-fuck-down , sit down , and let 's discuss this .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	.so let 's go back in there and busts these motherfucker 's chops .
PP VBZ VVG he 's holding	calvin candie removes his arm from behind his back , and in his hand he 's holding a big ugly hammer .
EX VHZ VBN there 's been	there 's been a lotta lies said around this table tonight-but that . . .you can believe .
NN VBZ VVG broomhilda 's sitting	he smashes the arm rest of the chair broomhilda 's sitting in .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	schultz rises , puts the papers in his back pocket , .looks to his two companions , django and broomhilda , and says ; replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> we got it , let 's go .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> let 's go .
NP POS VVN schultz 's outstretched	the german crosses toward candie , offering him his hand ... candie offers his hand to schultz ... the small derringer pops into schultz 's outstretched hand ...
NN VBZ VVN bartholomew 's sawed	replaced-dns <repdns text="dr.schultz" /> is blown apart by bartholomew 's sawed off shotgun .
NN VBZ PP shhh 's him	shhh 's him act like you still sleepin ' .
NN VBZ VVN man 's gone	yep , boss man 's gone .
PP VBZ VVG he 's holding	he 's holding django 's clothes in a bundle under his arm .
WP VBZ WP what 's what	now that fancy talkin ' white man of yours did n't know what 's what .
VVP POS NN let 's whip	then they 're , " let 's whip ' em to death , " " throw ' em to the mandingos , " " feed ' em to stonesipher 's dogs . "
PP VBZ VVG it 's gonna	and trust me when i tell you it 's gonna be ' bout as much fun as it sounds .
PP VBZ NN it 's chaos	it 's chaos ' round here .
PP VHZ VVN he 's got	he 's got these greedy sonsabitches right on the hook ... he just needs one little push .
PP VBZ VVG he 's making	jake , the biggest , is off by himself , pounding nails into a small delicate birdhouse he 's making .
WP VBZ VVG what 's happening	before the other three have really registered what 's happening , django has crossed the distance , and is yanking the axe out of jake 's face .
PP VBZ VVN he 's chopped	and with axe in hand , django chases and fights with all three trackers , till after a point where he 's chopped down two of them , lex , and stew , and now there 's only replaced-dns <repdns text="mr.stonesipher" /> left .
NN VBZ VVG django 's going	but if django 's going to save broomhilda , not to mention get revenge on all these candyland motherfuckers , he has to take stonesipher 's ass out .
NN VBZ VVG billy 's fucking	as billy 's fucking her he says ;
PP VBZ VVG it 's gonna	it 's gonna be real nice ' round here now the ' ol man 's gone .
WP VBZ VVG what 's gonna	what 's gonna happen to you ?
NN VHZ VVN timmy 's got	now go to the stable , little timmy 's got our horses .saddled .
JJ VBZ NN woody 's hand	ace woody 's hand moves away from his gun .
NN VBZ VVG cora 's leaving	lara lee ca n't believe cora 's leaving her .
VV VBZ VV let 's see	let 's see if you can handle this as well as you can my nuts ?
PP VBZ VVG she 's facing	lara lee candie-fitzwilli ca n't come to grips with what she's.in the middle of , who she 's facing , what 's in her hand , or what 's about to happen .
WP VBZ VVN what 's left	django stands on the top steps of what 's left of'the big house , looking down at the candie family unit , who all lay dead or dying on the candyland front lawn .
DT VBZ IN that 's for	that 's for you .
PP POS NN she 's alittle	she is n't bothered by him , in fact , she 's alittle charmed .
PP VHZ VVN he 's made	i love that scene where after he 's made it big he 's throwing a big cocktail party , and all these highbrows are there , and he 's singing , " baby you 're so square ... baby , i do n't care " .
PP VBZ VVG he 's wearing	he 's wearing these stupid-lookin ' pants , this horrible sweater .
PP VBZ VVN he 's got	now if a nigger wants to get his dick sucked he 's got to do a bunch of fucked-up shit .
NN POS VVG cliff 's moving	cliff 's moving car - morning
NN POS VVG cliff 's moving	cliff 's moving car - morning
PP VBZ VVN he 's dressed	he 's dressed in a security guard uniform .
NP POS VVP tha 's ok	yeah , well , tha 's ok , daddy , i tend to have that effect on people .
DT VBZ VV that 's ok	that 's ok , i 'm his wife .
PP VBZ VVN it 's written	it 's written all over it .
WDT VBZ PP that 's me	i 'm me ... i mean , that 's me .
NN VBZ VVG shatner 's hanging	now in this scene you 're both in a car and bill shatner 's hanging on the hood .
WP VBZ NN what 's goin	you could find out for sure what 's goin ' on .
NN VBZ IN cliff 's on	cliff 's on the telephone in his bedroom , pacing as he talks .
PP VBZ VVG he 's talking	he 's talking to detective wilson , an old friend of his from the force .
NN VBZ IN restaurant 's on	yeah , and the restaurant 's on my route .
NN VBZ VVG alabama 's amusing	alabama 's amusing herself by doing cartwheels and handstands in the background .
PP VBZ NN it 's drug	in fact , they think it 's drug related .
NN VBZ VVG alabama 's bubbling	alabama 's bubbling like a fresca .
PP VBZ VVG he 's drinking	he 's drinking out of a fast-food soda cup as he opens the door to his trailer .
NN VBZ VVN cliff 's defeated	cliff 's defeated .
DT VBZ IN that 's of	that 's of minor importance .
WP VBZ IN what 's of	but what 's of major fuckin ' importance is that i believe you .
NN POS VVN woman 's got	a woman 's got twenty , but a guy 's got seventeen .
PP VBZ VVG he 's hearing	coccotti ca n't believe what he 's hearing .
PP VBZ VVN it 's written	it 's written .
PP VBZ VVG he 's wearing	he 's wearing his clothes from the night before .
JJ VBZ VV pink 's hot-dog	pink 's hot-dog stand - day
JJ VBZ VV pink 's hot-dog	pink 's hot-dog stand - patio - day
NN VBZ VVN car 's demolished	now , picture this : their car 's demolished , crowd is starting to gather , my mom is yelling , going into contractions , and my dad , who was losing it before , is now completely screaming yellow zonkers .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like they gotta pass a test of emotional instability before they can get their sag card .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	it 's been on about forty-five minutes .
PP VBZ VV it 's ok	it 's ok . do n't worry about it .
PP POS NN he 's sonny	i , this guy here , he 's sonny chiba .
NN VBZ VVG scene 's coming	hold on , a fight scene 's coming up .
PP VBZ NN it 's sort	it 's sort of tradition .
NN VBZ VVG alabama 's nibbling	alabama 's nibbling on a peace of heated apple pie and sipping on a large tab .
DT VBZ CD that 's one	but that 's one of the cool things about them , they 're so cheap .
NN VHZ VVN nick 's gotten	nick 's gotten a ring from his sweetheart and he wears it around his neck on a chain .
PP VBZ VVG she 's looking	she 's looking into clarence 's eyes .
NP POS VVG alabama 's sitting	alabama 's sitting indian-style going through clarence 's photo album .
NN POS `` joplin 's "	clarence and alabama slow dance in the middle of his room to janis joplin 's " piece of my heart " .
NP POS VVG alabama 's wearing	alabama 's wearing one of clarence 's old shirts .
PP VBZ VVN she 's curled	she 's curled up in a chair crying .
EX VBZ RB there 's not	maybe there 's not .
WP VBZ WP what 's what	so i just said , " alabama , come clean , let him know what 's what , and if he tells you to go fuck yourself then go back to drexl and fuck yourself . "
PP VBZ VVG he 's lying	he says his mother was apache , but i suspect he 's lying .
PP VHZ VVN he 's treated	well , i would n't go so far as to call him nice , but he 's treated me pretty decent .
PP VBZ NN he 's slappin	how much longer before he 's slappin ' you around ?
CD VBZ VVG one 's gonna	but no one 's gonna pay a grand a night for a girl who does n't know whether to shit or wind her watch .
NN VBZ VVN alabama 's startled	alabama 's startled by his sudden movement .
NN VBZ VVN pimp 's killed	whaddaya think the cops do when a pimp 's killed ?
PP VBZ VVG it 's beating	he checks the pulse on his neck ; it 's beating like a race horse .
PP VBZ IN she 's with	she 's with me .
NN POS VVG drexl 's living	drexl 's living room - night
PP VBZ `` it 's "	it 's " the mack " with max julian , carol speed , and richard pryor , written by bobby poole , directed by michael campus , and released by cinerama releasing company in 1984. i 'm not scared of you .
NN VBZ VVG alabama 's moving	alabama 's moving on to some greener pastures .
WP VBZ IN what 's in	what 's in that envelope is for my peace of mind .
WP VBZ IN who 's on	marty , who 's on the bottom of the pile , has n't let go of clarence .
WP VBZ VVN who 's sandwiched	clarence , who 's sandwiched between these two guys , ca n't do a whole lot about it .
WP VBZ IN who 's in	marty , who 's in an even worse position , can do nothing but tighten his grip aroud clarence 's neck , until clarence feels like his eyes are going to pop out of his head .
NN VBZ VVN boy 's got	i do n't think that white boy 's got good sense .
PP VBZ IN she 's with	but , because you think you 're some macho motherfucker , i know who she 's with .
NN VBZ IN alabama 's at	and , i know where you live , 4900 116th street , apartment 48. and i 'll make a million-dollar bet , alabama 's at the same address .
PP VHZ VVN she 's done	she 's done it before .
NP VHZ VBN linda 's been	linda 's been dumpin ' everybody 's stray clothes there lately .
WP VBZ VVG who 's standing	drexl , who 's standing over clarence , looks down just in time to see clarence pull the trigger and blow his balls to bits .
WP VBZ VVG what 's happening	what 's happening ?
WP VBZ VVN what 's left	drexl , still alive , is laying on the ground howling , holding what 's left of his balls and his dick .
WP VBZ VVN who 's curled	clarence takes it by the handle and wobbles over to drexl , who 's curled up like a pillbug .
NP POS CC alabama 's and	alabama 's and her husband 's jaws drop .
NN VBZ VVG alabama 's watching	alabama 's watching the cable tv .
PP VBZ NN it 's fuckin	it 's fuckin ' real !
PP VBZ NN it 's fuckin	it 's fuckin ' real !
DT VBZ VVG that 's gonna	do you have any idea how difficult that 's gonna be ?
PP VBZ IN he 's in	he 's in my acting class .
WP VBZ TO what 's to	what 's to think about ?
PP VBZ NN it 's kind	you see , they take the leaves and mash it down until it 's kind of a paste -
NN VBZ RB elliot 's not	clarence makes a comical face at dick when elliot 's not looking .
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	he deals with a couple of guys , and he 's been dealing with them for years .
PP VBZ NN he 's payin	at the price he 's payin ' , he 'll be everybody 's best friend .
NN VBZ VVG virgil 's knocking	virgil 's knocking on dick 's door .
NN VBZ RB distributer 's not	but being a distributer 's not what i 'm all about .
WDT VBZ VVG that 's gonna	i 'm not sellin ' you something that 's gonna play two weeks , six weeks , then go straight to cable .
PP VBZ IN he 's in	he 's in my acting class .
PP VHZ VVN he 's convinced	if after talkin ' to you he 's convinced you 're ok , he 'll do business .
PP VBZ VVN she 's frozen	she does n't move , she 's frozen .
NP POS VVG alabama 's laying	alabama 's laying flat .
PP VBZ NN he 's comin	and when he 's comin ' back ?
PP VBZ IN she 's on	she 's on all fours gasping for air that 's just not there .
PP VBZ VVG she 's crawling	she 's crawling around on the floor .
PP VBZ VVN it 's gotten	it 's gotten to the point now i 'll do it just to watch their expressions change .
PP VBZ VVG he 's tearing	he 's tearing the motel room up in general .
NN VBZ VVG alabama 's crawling	alabama 's crawling , unnoticed to where her purse is lying .
NN VBZ VVG virgil 's moving	virgil 's moving toward alabama , limping on his bad foot .
NN VBZ VVG alabama 's lying	alabama 's lying on the ground laughing .
PP VBZ VVG she 's clutching	she 's clutching a big , bloody piece of broken glass .
PP VBZ VVN he 's pressed	he 's pressed up against the wall with this toilet lid hitting him .
PP VBZ VVG he 's heading	alabama , in the bathroom , sees where he 's heading .
PP VBZ IN she 's on	she 's on her feet and into the room .
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	ever since he 's been firing it 's as if some other part of her brain has been functioning independently .
PP VHZ VBN she 's been	she 's been absent-mindedly saying the prayer of saint francis of assisi .
WP VHZ VBN who 's been	clarence , who 's been hearing gunshots , bursts through the door , gun drawn , only to see alabama , hitting a dead guy on the head , with a shotgun .
NN VBZ VVN alabama 's passed	alabama 's passed out in the passenger seat .
PP VBZ VVG she 's muttering	she 's muttering to herself .
PP VBZ IN he 's in	he 's in a headshot .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like i always felt that the way she felt about me was a mistake .
WP VBZ VVN what 's happened	now , what 's happened , what 's going on , and what are you talking about ?
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like this , krinkle ; a patrol car stops this dork for speeding , they walk up to window and the guy 's covered in coke .
NN VBZ IN hand 's on	now , children , somebody is stickin ' a red-hot poker up my asshole and what i do n't know is whose hand 's on the handle .
PP VBZ VV he 's ok	anybody who clams up and does hid time , i do n't care how i feel about him personally , he 's ok .
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	it seems a cop from some department , we do n't know where , stole a half a million dollars of coke from the property cage and he 's been sittin ' on it for a year and a half .
PP VHZ VVN it 's got	it 's got a nice ring to it .
NP POS VVG alabama 's wearing	alabama 's wearing dark glasses because of the black eye she has .
PP VBZ PP$ it 's your	yeah , well if we got lost , it 's your ass .
NN VBZ VVG elliot 's going	elliot 's going to meet us in the lobby .
PP VBZ IN it 's for	dick , it 's for you .
VVN POS NN let 's talk	ah , dick , let 's talk about it in the car .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	um , nothing , let 's go ?
PP VBZ VVG he 's buying	so you gotta get him to admit on tape that he 's buying this coke .
PP VBZ VVN it 's supposed	it 'll probably be just what it 's supposed to be .
WDT VBZ VVG that 's waiting	the only thing that 's waiting for us is two hundred thousand dollars .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	it 's been fun thinking about the money but i can walk away from it , honey .
NN VBZ VVG elliot 's walking	elliot 's walking around the lobby .
PP VBZ VVG he 's carrying	clarence enters the lobby alone , he 's carrying the suitcase .
NN VBZ RP something 's up	he knows something 's up .
PP VBZ IN he 's in	he 's in an elevator .
WP VBZ VVG what 's waiting	what 's waiting for us up there .
PP VBZ NN he 's bluffin	he 's bluffin ya , elliot .
NN VBZ VVG guy 's gonna	this guy 's gonna kill him .
WP VBZ VVG what 's waiting	i want you to tell me what 's waiting for us up there .
PP VBZ NP he 's bluffin	he 's bluffin ' , i knew it .
PP VBZ NP he 's bluffin	he 's bluffin ' .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	alabama and dick ca n't believe what he 's gonna do .
PP VBZ IN he 's at	he 's at the beverly wilshire .
NN VBZ IN lee 's in	lee 's in the can .
WP VBZ WP who 's who	who 's who ?
WP VBZ VVG who 's getting	they all sit around a fancy glass table except for boris , who 's getting the coffee , and monty , who 's standing behind lee 's chair .
VV VBZ VV let 's take	clarence , my friend , and i call you my friend because we have similar interests , let 's take a look at what you have for me .
NN VBZ VVG lee 's looking	lee 's looking over the cocaine and sampling it .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	well , lee , it 's like this .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	let 's go get ' em .
PP VHZ VVN it 's shut	as soon as it 's shut he starts doing the twist .
PP VHZ VVN he 's pulled	he ca n't believe he 's pulled it off .
NN VBZ VVG everybody 's gonna	everybody 's gonna get killed !
PP VBZ VVN he 's trapped	dick runs into the elevator area , he hits the buttons , he 's trapped , it 's like a box .
NN VBZ VVG alabama 's pounding	in the bathroom , alabama 's pounding on clarence 's bloody chest , trying to get his heart started .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not working .
NN VBZ VVN uzi 's tossed	the uzi 's tossed out .
PP VBZ CD it 's two	it 's two against one now !
NN VBZ VVN shotgun 's tossed	the shotgun 's tossed out from behind the sofa .
NN VBZ VVG dick 's sitting	dick 's sitting on the ground , he ca n't believe any of this .
PP VBZ VVG he 's lying	he 's lying on the kitchen floor .
NN VBZ IN everything 's under	everything 's under control here .
WP VBZ NN what 's goin	i 'm gonna go see what 's goin ' on outside .
PP VBZ VVN he 's hit	he 's hit in the head and flung to the floor .
NN VBZ VVG alabama 's driving	alabama 's driving fast down the freeway .
PP VBZ VVG she 's muttering	she 's muttering to herself .
NN POS benny 's	it reads : benny 's
NN VBZ VVN nadine 's got	besides , nadine 's got enough of a cross to bear just taking care of that potato head .
PP VHZ VVN he 's used	he 's used my toilet a thousand times .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	i 'm simply saying that if i was scratching , and if i did scratch , it 's not because i was signaling the cop , it 's because i 'm fuckin ' scared shitless .
NN VBZ VVG ranger 's taking	the ranger 's taking a piss .
CD POS SENT .45 's .	seth and richard hit the ground firing their .45 's .
NN VBZ IN daniel 's from	seth behind the wheel , pops open a bottle of prescription pills , empties out four of the red capsules in his hand , pops them in his mouth , and washes it back with a slug of jack daniel 's from a pint bottle .
NN POS VVN mom 's got	mom 's got nothing to say , she 's dead .
PP VBZ VVG he 's eating	he 's eating a bbq rib .
PP VBZ VVG he 's flipping	richie has the tv remote control in his hand and he 's flipping stations .
NN VBZ VVN let 's cut	let 's cut to the chase .
VVG VBZ VVG crossing 's gonna	crossing 's gonna be a bitch .
PP VBZ VVG it 's gonna	richie , it 's gonna get a lot fuckin ' worse before it gets any fuckin ' better .
NP VBZ RP seth 's out	seth 's out of his chair .
PP VBZ IN she 's in	she 's in the other room .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not your fault , it 's her fault !
PP VBZ VVN it 's done	what you doin ' ai n't how it 's done .
NN POS VVG shit 's gonna	none of this shit 's gonna matter .
NN VBZ VVN home 's parked	the motor home 's parked in front of the dew drop inn 's front office .
PP VBZ VVG he 's stopping	i ca n't believe he 's stopping here .
PP VBZ VVG he 's thinking	he 's thinking about how he 's going to get over the border tonight .
PP VBZ VVG he 's going	he knows exactly how he 's going to cross the border .
CD VBZ IN .45 's in	he sees richard and seth both inside the room with the door closed , both with .45 's in their hands , both aimed at him .
PP VHZ VVN it 's called	it 's called a punch .
WP VBZ VVG what 's going	scott suddenly becomes aware of what 's going on around him and instinctively stands .
WP VBZ VVG what 's going	what 's going on ?
NN VBZ VVG everything 's going	everything 's going to be all right .
WDT VBZ RB that 's not	angry that 's not fuckin ' that ... holds up his gun this is fuckin ' this .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	okay , ramblers , let 's get to rambling .
NP POS IN richard 's in	richard 's in the back bed area with a gun trained on kate and scott .
WP VBZ IN what 's in	what 's in mexico ?
VV VBZ VV let 's keep	do n't be so sensitive , pops , let 's keep this friendly .
NP POS IN richard 's in	richard 's in the back with kate and scott .
PP VBZ VVG it 's gonna	it 's gonna work just fine ,
PP VBZ VVG she 's watching	kate ca n't believe what she 's watching .
PP VBZ VVG he 's running	he 's running the show .
PP VBZ VVN it 's scared	it 's scared .
PP VBZ VVG she 's looking	she 's looking up .
NN VBZ VVG wall 's gonna	yeah , like a mexican hole-in-the- wall 's gonna have my fuckin ' prescription .
WP VBZ VVN what 's left	what 's left of the fuller family and the gecko family look out the windshield onto the sight that is the titty twister .
NN VBZ VVG everybody 's gonna	now , if everybody just keeps playin ' it cool -- and i 'm talking to you , too , richie -- everybody 's gonna get what they want .
VVN POS NN let 's drink	okay hard drinkers , let 's drink hard .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not what seth expected to hear .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	you 're just not used to seein ' me happy , ' cause it 's been about fifteen fuckin ' years since i been happy .
NN POS chet 's	seth violently brings his head forward pulverizing chet 's
NN VBZ IN everyone 's in	everyone 's in shock and looks at seth .
PP VBZ VVG he 's going	even though he has a big smile on his face , he looks like he 's going to kill seth .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	biggest number one problem with mexico , it 's not service oriented .
NP VBZ VVG seth 's taunting	razor charlie knows seth 's taunting him with a racial slur , but he just smiles and says ,
PP VBZ IN it 's on	it 's on me , kiddo .
PP VBZ NP he 's sayin	but behind his smile , he 's sayin ' , " fuck you jack . "
DT VBZ PP that 's yours	i take it that 's yours .
NN VBZ `` coaster 's "	the opening notes of the coaster 's " down in mexico " fills the room .
PP VBZ VVG she 's hurting	his mouth opens because she 's hurting him .
PP VBZ VVG she 's going	she leans her face over his like she 's going to kiss him .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	do n't you know the big bad wolf is walking these woods and if he finds you he 's gonna pull down your dress and squeeze your titties ? "
NN POS VVN chet 's blown	chet 's blown left ... right ... left ... right ... then drops , pointing their guns towards the crowd .
WP VBZ IN who 's on	richard , who 's on all fours , tries to stand and gets about half way before he stops , saying :
VV VBZ VV let 's see	let 's see if you taste as good as your brother .
PP VBZ VVG he 's matching	the vamp might have superhuman strength , but sex machine has close to superhuman strength , and he 's matching the vamp bitch blow for blow .
NN POS VVN vamp 's fallen	he snaps off the end tip , making it jagged , and like a spear , sticks it into big vamp 's fallen body .
WDT VBZ VVN that 's left	all that 's left on the vampire side are two naked dancers and two whores .
PP VBZ VVN it 's locked	it 's locked .
NP VBZ VVG richard 's giggling	richard 's giggling .
WP VBZ VVG who 's putting	the dead biker vamp sets his sights on kate , who 's putting a board into place .
PP VBZ VVG she 's moving	the vamp holds her close to him in a bear hug , but she 's moving around so much he ca n't get a clear bite .
WP VBZ PP what 's yours	kate , what 's yours ?
VVN POS NN let 's stake	kate , let 's stake these blood-sucker fuckers .
WP VBZ VVG what 's going	okay , does anybody here know what 's going on ?
WP VBZ VVG what 's going	yeah , i know what 's going on .
PP VBZ VVN it 's gotta	in order for it to have any power , i think it 's gotta be an official crucifix .
WRB VBZ NN when 's sunrise	when 's sunrise ?
NN VBZ VVN god 's concerned	as far as god 's concerned , we might just as well be a piece of fuckin ' shit .
PP VBZ CD he 's one	but he 's one of the boys .
EX VBZ VVN there 's got	and if there is a hell , and those monsters are from it , there 's got to be a heaven .
PP VBZ VHG he 's having	he 's having a hot flash .
PP VBZ VVG he 's looking	he 's looking at frost speaking , but he does n't hear any sound .
NN VBZ VVN machine 's thought	we hear sex machine 's thought in a voice answer .
WP VBZ VVG who 's acting	sex machine looks at frost , who 's acting out his story .
PP VBZ VVG he 's describing	he 's describing all the while , but we ca n't hear anything .
PP VBZ IN he 's beyond	he 's beyond our help .
WP VBZ VVN what 's happened	kate is crying , she knows what 's happened to her father .
NN VHZ VBN dive 's been	my guess is that this little dive 's been feeding on nomad road waifs like bikers and truckers for a longtime .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not suicide if you 're already dead .
VV VBZ VV let 's kill	okay , vampire killers , let 's kill some fuckin ' vampires .
PP VBZ VVN he 's gone	he wonders if he 's gone deaf .
PP VBZ VVG he 's wearing	scott takes one of the water balloons he 's wearing and smashes it against jacob 's head .
DT VBZ IN that 's like	that 's like new .
VV VBZ VV let 's do	so let 's do it .
NP POS IN seth 's in	seth 's in his car and gone .
WDT VHZ VBN that 's been	we also see we 're in a wedding chapel that 's been redecorated by blood death and gunfire .
DT VBZ VBG that 's being	that 's being more rational than bill led me to believe you were capable of .
JJ POS NN flatbed 's hatch	she climbs into her big , yellow pickup truck , with the words " pussy wagon " written across the flatbed 's hatch door in a pimpy font .
PP VBZ IN she 's in	although we 're only in a tight cu , we can tell a few things : one , she 's in her hospital room ; two , she 's alone ; three , it 's night ; and four , one hellva rainstorm is pounding outside .
NN POS nurse 's	insert : of those long , into a white nurse 's
NN POS nurse 's	insert : of white , sheer into white nurse 's
PP VBZ VVG he 's making	we can tell by her face , he 's making some sense .
RB VHZ NNS orderly 's reeboks	the bride listening to them orderly 's reeboks walking getting closer .
PP VBZ VBG she 's being	she ca n't believe she 's being exhibited in this manner .
NN VBZ RP jig 's up	nurse comes in tomorrow an she got ' er a shiner - or less some teeth , jig 's up .
JJ VBZ VVN orderly 's gone	and with that , the orderly 's gone .
NNS POS TO levi 's to	warren drops his levi 's to his ankles .
PP VBZ PP$ it 's your	go out in the hall and i 'll let ya know when it 's your turn .
PP VBZ VVN she 's stuck	which means she 's stuck on the floor with only a functioning top half , and a completely useless bottom half .
PP VBZ IN he 's in	he 's in both excruciating pain , and quite sure he 's lost his mind , since at this moment he 's lying on the floor , looking up at the comatose bride asking him questions .
PP VBZ VVG he 's holding	we see buck enter her room that first night , five years ago ... . he 's holding in his hand one of those big flashlights you use in a tent when camping .
NN VBZ VVG bride 's lying	now the bride 's lying vertically in buck 's truck 's backseat .
CD POS NN 60 's television	for what looks like a 60 's television show about an all-girl hit squad , complete with its own lalo shiffrin theme music .
PP VBZ VVG he 's laughing	he 's laughing as the top of his head is
NN VBZ RP part 's over	hart part 's over .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	now let 's get these other piggies wiggling .
NN POS `` buck 's "	she opens buck 's " big el paso pimpin " wallet , and pays for the items .
PP POS VVN it 's filled	... it 's filled w / cash .
PP POS VVN it 's filled	... it 's filled w / cash .
NN POS VVN .it 's filled	... .it 's filled w / cash .
PP VBZ VVG she 's holding	we see she 's holding a clean white handkerchief .
PP VBZ VVG she 's sewing	she 's sewing the name " bill " in the corner .
VV VBZ VV let 's see	oh ... let 's see ... " arigato . "
NN VBZ PP$ tuna 's my	how did you know tuna 's my favorite ?
PP VHZ VVN he 's carved	at the base of the sheath , by the handle , he 's carved the face of a lioness ...
NN POS bride 's	ex cu of an eyeball the bride 's
WP VBZ VVN who 's dressed	the pretty lady who 's dressed like she 's a villain on star trek is o-ren 's best friend and her lawyer , sofie fatale .
NP POS VVG o-ren 's dining	the white paper door to o-ren 's dining room slams open .
NP POS IN cu 's of	between cu 's of the two women , face to face .
NP POS `` warwick 's "	of a good time singing dionne warwick 's " walk on by , " in japanese ... .
PP VBZ it 's	she says the bride 's name softly to herself ; it 's
PP VBZ RP he 's out	the bride does a mid-air somersault over the head of an attacker , landing solid on her feet behind him ... slash , he 's out .
PP VBZ IN she 's through	when she 's through she brings the blade across the man she 's perched on 's throat .
PP VHZ VVN she 's delivered	we see her face as she 's delivered a death blow right behind it .
PP VBZ VVN she 's embarrassed	the bride acts like she 's embarrassed to witness what she just saw .
PP VBZ VVN she 's stood	o-ren moves out of the position she 's stood in for the entire battle .
PP VBZ VVN she 's gone	with her cheek resting against the snow , her eyes close and she 's gone .
PP VBZ VVN she 's done	; english -- but still -- nothing , except my aching heart over what she 's done to my beautiful and brilliant sofie .
PP VBZ VBG she 's being	; japanese if o-ren was number one , unless she 's being tricky , vernita green will be number two .
NN VBZ IN vernita 's in	vernita 's in pasadena .
PP VBZ VVG he 's sewing	he 's sewing something that requires a lot of concentration .
PP VBZ VVN she 's filled	the sleeping giant is awake , and in her eyes we see she 's filled with a terrible resolve .
NN VBZ VVN celebrityshe 's bumped	celebrityshe 's bumped into .
PP VBZ IN she 's in	instead of splashing around , the bride swims like she was in the olympics , till she 's in the shallow end .
PP VBZ VVN it 's located	it 's located on a cul de sac .
PP VBZ IN she 's in	the bride runs into the house she 's in front of .
RB VBZ VVG there 's going	yuki , in about two minutes there 's going to be an army of police here .
PP VBZ VVG she 's bleeding	she 's bleeding from her five bullet holes .
PP VBZ VVG she 's starting	she 's starting to tremble .
PP VBZ IN she 's at	we ca n't see where she 's at , but it 's somewhere surrounded by wood planks .
NN POS VVG shit 's gonna	this shit 's gonna hurt , and i ai n't got no anesthetic .
VV VBZ VV let 's see	open the door alburt , let 's see what this bill looks like .
VV VBZ VV let 's see	gentlemen , let 's see if the new kid in school wants to play right away .
WDT VBZ : that 's ...	oooohhh , that 's ... .
NN VBZ RP game 's over	game 's over , get out !
PP VBZ NN it 's kind	it 's kind of fun watching people gamble when they do n't know they 're gambling , is n't it ?
PP VHZ VVN he 's yanked	he 's yanked her outside and he 's dangling her over the side by her hair .
PP VHZ VVN he 's broken	it would appear he 's broken it .
PP VBZ VVG she 's coming	because she is coming , and she 's coming to kill you .
PP VBZ VVN she 's brought	she 's brought " the boys " back together .
NN VBZ IN toilet 's at	hey , budd , honey , the toilet 's at it again .
PP VBZ VVN she 's dressed	she 's dressed like a little texas two-stepper .
PP VBZ VVG he 's sitting	... he 's sitting on a stool , observing the crowd , moving his head to the music ...
NN VBZ VVN salt 's got	but truth be told , you ai n't felt all rock salt 's got to offer till you took a double dose in your backside .
PP VBZ VVG he 's holding	and what he 's holding is the bride 's hattori hanzo sword .
PP VBZ VVG it 's gonna	it 's gonna be on yours .
WDT VHZ VBN that 's been	once in the dirt , the bride sees an old coffin that 's been dup up .
PP VBZ VVG she 's starting	she 's starting to lose it ... she lets out a scream ... she screams again ... her bound-at-the-wrist hands move to the lid ... she pounds on it ... her bound feet kick up at it ... she starts to cry ... she 's getting hysterical ... her fingers begin clawing at the wood lid ...
PP VHZ VBN she 's been	all this while , she 's been screaming the words we ca n't even imagine coming out of her mouth ;
VVN POS NN let 's figure	well , now that you 've had a nice , good cry , let 's figure out how to get out of here ?
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like i 'm buried alive with buddy rich .
PP VBZ NN she 's sufferin	elle darlin , she 's sufferin as we speak .
CD POS SENT 70 's .	as bill tells this story , it will be illustrated on screen by footage from old shaw brothers martial arts flicks of the 70 's .
PP VBZ VVN she 's winded	the bride enters , she 's winded from climbing up those fuckin steps .
CD POS NN 70 's shaw	however , whenever mandarin is supposedly spoken , it comes out of their mouths as dubbed english like in a 70 's shaw brothers chop socky flick .
NP POS VVP mei 's voice	pai mei 's voice your mandarin is lousy .
PP VBZ VVN it 's filled	she opens the drawer ; it 's filled with just about every type of edged weapon .
VV VBZ VV let 's see	pai mei let 's see how good you really are .
PP VBZ VVN she 's determined	however be that as it may , she 's determined not to quit , and through not quitting , she 's determined to distinguish herself in his eyes ... in some way .
NN VBZ IN blade 's against	... then he twists her arm , till the blade 's against her own throat ... .
PP VBZ IN it 's against	... then twists again till it 's against her hip ...
NNS VBZ IN blades 's against	the blades 's against her jugular .
NN VBZ IN blade 's against	the blade 's against the pocket of her throat .
NN VBZ IN blade 's against	the blade 's against the nipple of her right breast .
VV VBZ VV let 's see	pai mei let 's see your tiger and crane style match my eagles 's claw .
PP VBZ IN she 's on	with little effort on his part , he reaches out and grabs her wrist , twists ... she 's on the floor , with her arm stuck out in the air behind her , her wrist still between his fingers .
PP VBZ VVG he 's concentrating	his right fist is cocked back by his breastplate , he 's concentrating on a certain spot on the wall .
NP POS IN mei 's behind	she looks at her fucked-up hand , then to the wall , hesitating ... .then pai mei 's behind her .
PP VBZ NN it 's sundown	it 's sundown .
PP VBZ VVG she 's transferring	she moves in front of the wall ... ..takes her position ... her right hand in a fist -- locked and loaded into position ... . with her left hand she reaches out and touches the wall where she 'll strike ... .like she 's transferring her energy into the wood ... she removes her left hand ... and ... strikes !
WDT VHZ VVN that 's called	... so that 's called a texas funeral ?
NN VBZ `` r 's "	when it comes to that bitch , i gotta lotta " r 's " in me .
NN VBZ IN cu 's of	ex cu 's of :
JJ POS NN other 's blade	the tips of each other 's blade .
NP POS IN cu 's of	as the operatic spaghetti western music builds to a crescendo ... we cut back and forth between cu 's of the two women that get tighter and tighter as we zoom in closer and closer ... .until ... we reach the theme 's climax ... .
CD VHZ VBN one 's been	two shot : the two women warriors stand their ground , striking and defending ... when they stop , no one 's been touched .
WP VBZ IN who 's on	ex cu blades meet -- however this time we do n't know who 's on the left or the right .
WP VBZ VVN who 's cut	we do n't know who 's cut .
PP VBZ IN she 's in	not now , she 's in dream land .
PP VBZ CD she 's five	do n't ask how old she is , ask , if she 's five .
PP VBZ VVG she 's expecting	she 's expecting you .
NN VHZ VBN mommy 's been	and she asked me , " if mommy 's been asleep since i was born , how will she know what i look like ? "
NN VHZ VBN mommy 's been	to which i replied , " because mommy 's been dreaming of you . "
PP VBZ VVN she 's slept	since she was one and a half years old , she 's slept with that picture of you next to her bed .
PP VHZ VVN she 's seen	and she 's seen them .
PP VBZ IN she 's like	she 's like you that way .
NN VBZ IN bride 's on	the bride 's on the phone , calling japan , in tears .
PP VBZ VVN she 's dressed	she 's dressed in a white bridal gown , the exact replica of the one she was bushwhacked in .
WDT VBZ IN that 's for	well not you , that 's for damn sure .
PP VBZ VVG she 's holding	she 's holding a basket of flowers .
NN VBZ IN bride 's on	the bride 's on her back , on the floor below her .
PP VBZ IN it 's on	look at the strip , it 's on the floor .
NP VBZ VVG karen 's starting	it is blue , karen 's starting to believe her .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not your decision to make .
PP VBZ VVG she 's facing	she 's facing him , sword in sheath , hand far from handle , in a standing still position , not moving a muscle of blinking an eye , staring her laser beams in bill 's direction waiting for his attack .
CD POS NN one 's head	the bride sits behind her on the bed , combing the little one 's head .
PP VBZ IN she 's in	jackie brown is a very attractive black woman in her mid forties , though she looks like she 's in her mid-thirties .
NP POS `` ordell 's "	stylish , athletic wear reebok , heavy , black leather jackets hugo boss , warm-colored berets and baseball caps to cover his balding head are ordell 's " look . "
NN VBZ VVG ordell 's wearing	at this moment ordell 's wearing an open silk shirt .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like a song he does n't know the lyrics to but attempt to sing anyway .
PP VBZ VVN she 's dressed	she 's dressed in her melanie-uniform of stringy levis cutoffs and a stringy bra top .
PP VBZ VVN she 's curled	she 's curled up in a reclining chair , smoking weed from a pipe , reading movieline magazine and paying no attention to the video .
PP VBZ IN it 's for	you know it 's for you .
PP VBZ IN it 's for	it 's for you .
PP VBZ NN he 's joe	he thinks he 's joe gunn now .
PP VBZ VVN he 's got	he 's got nothing to do with my business .
DT VBZ NN that 's winston	that 's winston .
PP VBZ IN it 's in	it 's in my bag .
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	he 's been in before .
NP POS IN beaumont 's from	besides , beaumont 's from kentucky , and i think they 're prejudiced against black men from the south out here .
CD VBZ IN one 's for	holding a key this one 's for the ignition ... holding a little black box ... but you gotta hit this thing to shut the alarm off and unlock the door .
PP VBZ VVG he 's working	on his prior , he served nine months , and he 's working on four years ' probation .
PP VBZ IN he 's on	do you know what he 's on probation for ?
NN VBZ VVG boy 's looking	your boy 's looking at ten years , plus the concealed weapon .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not what they 're tellin ' me .
PP VBZ NN it 's cause	it 's cause you think you 're a good guy , and you think there 's certain things a good guy wo n't do .
WDT VBZ WP that 's what	he put himself in a situation where he was gonna have to do ten years in the penetentiary , that 's what he did .
NP VBZ VVG beaumont 's gonna	and if you know that , you know beaumont 's gonna go any goddam thing beaumont can to keep from doin ' those ten years including telling the federal government everything they want to know about my ass .
WP VBZ VVN what 's known	we could , smart ass ... or we could work out what 's known as a substantial assistance agreement .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	okay , let 's go .
EX VBZ CD there 's two	then there 's two ; criminals .
WP VBZ IN what 's in	what 's in it ?
VV VBZ VV let 's see	let 's see what else is in there .
WP VBZ NN who 's side	who 's side are you on ?
DT VBZ CD that 's six	that 's six weeks from now , miss brown .
PP VBZ VVN he 's seen	when he 's seen enough , he stands up and out of the shot leaving an empty frame .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	before we start talking about stewardess , let 's get beaumont out of the way first .
NN VBZ VVG money 's moving	i 'd say you 're in the drug business , except the money 's moving in the wrong direction .
NP POS VVZ anita 's handcuffs	max undoes anita 's handcuffs , while a sheriff waits to take her away .
PP VBZ VVG she 's wearing	she 's wearing her stewardess uniform and carrying a small envelope with her belongings in it and her shoes .
PP VBZ NN it 's kind	it 's kind of a sports bar
CD POS NNS seven 's cigarettes	jackie picks up a pack of mild seven 's cigarettes from the bottom of a cigarette machine .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	yeah , but that 's not what this was about .
EX VBZ CD there 's fifty	" oh , i 'd say there 's fifty thousand here .
NP VBZ IN ordell 's into	you know what ordell 's into ?
PP VBZ NP he 's smugglin	ordell ai n't no bootlegger and i doubt he 's smugglin ' cuban cigars .
PP VBZ VVN he 's got	he 's got that kinda money ?
PP VHZ VVN he 's got	but he 's got a problem .
PP VBZ : he 's --	he 's -- what do you call it when you got money , but do n't have cash ?
PP VBZ NN he 's cash	he 's cash poor .
WDT VBZ PP$ that 's your	hey , you get caught with blow , that 's your business .
NP POS VVN ordell 's gloved	ordell 's gloved fingertips move up her collarbone to her throat , gently touching her skin .
WDT VHZ VVN that 's got	now , baby , that 's got nothin ' to do with you .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	let 's get realistic , baby .
VV VBZ VV let 's say	now , let 's say if i tell on you , i walk .
NN VBZ IN money 's in	all your money 's in mexico .
PP VBZ IN it 's on	i 'll talk to the cops tomorrow and tell you if it 's on .
EX VBZ VVN there 's gotta	there 's gotta be other ways to get it out .
WP VBZ VVG what 's going	what 's going on ?
PP VHZ VBN she 's been	she has n't one into specifics yet , she 's been waiting for you .
NN VBZ VVN melanie 's dressed	melanie 's dressed in her usual melanie-uniform of shorts and a loose top .
NN VHZ VVN somebody 's got	i think somebody 's got some new clothes .
NP POS IN ordell 's on	ordell 's on the phone .
VV VBZ VV let 's meet	no , not on the phone , let 's meet somewhere .
NP POS IN ordell 's on	ordell 's on the phone .
PP VBZ IN it 's like	it 's like this major meal in a shake you drink instead of having a big meal .
WDT VHZ VBN that 's been	the photo was obviously a picture of melanie with somebody else that 's been cut in half .
PP VBZ VVG he 's talking	she looks and sees what he 's talking about .
DT VBZ IN that 's over	now that 's over , let 's get to know each other .
NN VBZ IN/that fuck 's that	what the fuck 's that got to do with it ?
PP VBZ VVG he 's getting	so i say , well , if you want proof he 's getting paid for selling them , let me bring the money in .
VV VBZ VV let 's say	let 's say he 's streetwise .
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not what i 'm saying at all .
PP VBZ VVN he 's got	he tell you about that half-million dollars he 's got in mexico ?
PP VBZ VVG he 's scheming	he 's scheming how he can get it over here .
PP VBZ VVG she 's bringing	and they follow the wrong one thinkin ' she 's bringing it to me .
NN VBZ VV manager 's get	manager 's get fifteen percent .
PP VBZ VVN she 's dressed	she 's dressed differently than she was at the cockatoo .
PP VBZ VVG she 's coming	in fact , she looks like she 's coming home from a date .
PP VBZ CD it 's 555-7839	it 's 555-7839 . okay , so i 'll talk to you later .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	a few people , mostly black , mill around , but it 's not like it is on the weekend .
NN VBZ IN money 's in	the money 's in a broadway shopping bag .
WDT VHZ VBN that 's been	we 're outside the del amo ua cinemas , a six-screen theater that 's been in the del amo mall since the early seventies .
PP VBZ NP it 's sorta	and with her it 's sorta like going steady .
JJ POS NN old 's annette	how old 's annette ?
PP VBZ VBG he 's being	he 's being real nice to me .
PP VBZ VVN he 's got	you think he 's got a thing for you ?
PP VBZ VVG he 's setting	he 's setting me up to make a proposition .
NN VBZ IN person 's into	you do n't propose something like that unless you 're pretty sure the other person 's into it .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	if he 's gonna do anything suspect , it 'll be cutting corners to get the conviction ; but he would n't walk off with the money .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not like it 's anybody 's life savings .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	it 's been a long time coming .
PP VBZ VVG he 's staying	i hear he 's staying at this house , so i sneak in , wait for him to come home .
PP VBZ VVN he 's incapacitated	while he 's incapacitated , cuff him , take ' em to county .
WDT VBZ PP that 's it	so i made up my mind , that 's it .
PP VBZ VVG he 's taking	he 's taking out the manila envelope with the ten thousand inside .
NN VBZ IN girl 's from	it would seem our young girl 's from the south .
WP VBZ IN what 's in	you know what 's in the bag you 're taking ?
DT VBZ RB that 's not	that 's not what i meant when i asked did you trust her .
PP VBZ NN it 's jackie	it 's jackie .
PP VBZ VVG she 's gonna	... now she 's gonna pout ...
WDT VBZ WP that 's what	sheronda passin ' the money onto someone else , that 's what the hell i 'm talkin ' ' bout .
PP VBZ IN she 's on	hang it up , she 's on her way .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	no , you gonna give her a robinson 's / may bag this time ?
NP POS SYM robinson 's /	simone and i 'll make the switch at robinson 's / may .
NN VHZ SYM robinson 's /	so simone goes to the dress department with her robinson 's / may bag .
NN VHZ SYM robinson 's /	so you come out with her robinson 's / may bag , go meet sheronda .
WP VBZ VVG who 's paging	who 's paging you ?
DT VBZ WP that 's what	we agreed on ten percent of what you bring in and that 's what you gonna get .
NP POS VBZ leroy 's is	sally leroy 's is a beach bar with surfboards , different beer signs , and pictures of marilyn monroe , elvis presley , james dean , ann margaret , and surfers riding monster waves all over the place .
PP VBZ IN it 's in	yeah , it 's in the back .
NN VHZ VBN guy 's been	that guy 's been in there since i got here .
WP VBZ IN what 's on	what 's on tap ?
NN VBZ PP$ walker 's my	mr. walker 's my buddy .
NP POS VVD ordell 's got	ordell 's got him staying at a house in ...
PP VBZ RB she 's not	she knows everything , but she 's not part of it , and she 's pissed cause she 's not part of it .
NN VBZ VVN everything 's set	so everything 's set for tomorrow ?
PP VHZ VBN she 's been	after all , she 's been the architect of this half-a-million dollars switcheroo .
PP VBZ VVN she 's moved	she 's moved heaven and earth to make all the pieces fall into place , and all the players think what she wants them to think .
NP POS VVD ordell 's changed	i told them ordell 's changed the amount he 's bringing in .
PP VBZ VVN he 's scared	they love thinking he 's scared of them .
PP VBZ VVG he 's keeping	he 's keeping his stash where it is , but he wants to bring in fifty thousand for bail in case he needs it .
PP VBZ NN it 's ordell	it 's ordell .
PP VBZ VVN she 's gone	pause me an louis went over to her place , she 's gone .
PP VBZ VVN she 's gone	she 's gone and all her shit 's gone and so 's my ten thousand dollars .
PP VBZ VVG it 's gonna	except when you do the switch , instead of simone , it 's gonna be melanie .
WDT VHZ VVN that 's taken	oh , that 's taken care of .
DT VBZ CD that 's fifty	that 's fifty thousand , huh ?
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not my money .
NP POS IN ordell 's on	ordell 's on the pay phone .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	she goes to her hatchback , takes a robinson 's / may bag , lines the first half of the bag with old paperbacks .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	then with her flight bag slung over her shoulder , carrying the robinson 's / may bag and with all the confidence of a world champion prize fighter going into the ring , she strides toward the huge mall .
NN POS SYM roinson 's /	she calmly walks down the mall , then turns into the roinson 's / may store .
NP VHZ SYM robinson 's /	robinson 's / may – designer clothes – day
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	jackie , in her cabo air uniform , walks up to a young asian saleswoman named amy in the robinson 's / may designer clothing area .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	she closes the door and sits down on the bench in between her flight bag full of money and the robinson 's / may bag .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	a robinson 's / may bag , like jackie 's , filled with towels , comes sliding underneath the stall .
NN VHZ SYM robinson 's /	jackie picks up her robinson 's / may bag , filled with books , towels and the marked forty-thousand dollars .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	jackie slides the robinson 's / may bag with money under the stall .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	she grabs her flight bag and leaves , leaving behind the robinson 's / may bag filled with half of a million dollars .
NP POS SYM robinson 's /	... jackie walks out of robinson 's / may hurriedly into the main mall .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	melanie carries the robinson 's / may switch bag .
NP POS SYM robinson 's /	they go inside robinson 's / may ...
NP VHZ SYM robinson 's /	robinson 's / may – day
NP POS SYM robison 's /	... we stedicam into robison 's / may with them .
PP VBZ VVG he 's watching	he decides he 's watching the fitting room entrance too much , so he starts throwing his look around when he sees something that stops him cold .
PP VBZ VVG he 's doing	max , doing what he 's doing , looks up and sees louis staring at him across the floor .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	then he sees melanie come out with a robinson 's / may bag and head down a different aisle .
WDT VBZ IN that 's towards	like a teacher on romper room nooo , that 's towards sears .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	they walk it ; it 's not it .
NP VHZ SYM robinson 's /	robinson 's / may – day
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	max , hands in pocket , strolls unhurriedly through the robinson 's / may store .
NN VBZ IN max 's across	then she lifts her eyes , meeting max 's across the room .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	he sees melanie come out of the fitting room carrying a robinson 's / may bag close to her chest .
PP VBZ VVN she 's gone	she 's gone .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	sitting in the corner is the robinson 's / may bag .
NN VBZ IN nobody 's after	nobody 's after him , nobody 's watching him .
NN VBZ VVG sam 's drinking	ordell sits at the bar in sam 's drinking a screwdriver and watching a stripper strip .
PP VBZ IN it 's in	it 's in there .
WP VBZ IN/that what 's that	what 's that gonna tell you ?
NN POS VVG jackie 's gonna	jackie 's gonna die .
PP VHZ VVN she 's got	if she 's got it , why did n't she take it all ?
VV VBZ VV let 's start	i 've had my eye on this suit -- wait , let 's start over .
NN POS SYM robinson 's /	she sees a blonde come out of the fitting room carrying a robinson 's / may bag and tussle with a tough-looking white guy .
PP VBZ IN it 's between	if you have something else going on you have n't told me about , it 's between you and ordell .
NP VBZ RP ordell 's up	ordell 's up and off the couch pacing .
PP VBZ VVG he 's staying	you have time , you think you could find out for me where he 's staying ?
WDT VBZ VVN that 's chained	jackie lies on a hotel bed , wearing a long t-shirt and panties , watching tv that 's chained to the wall .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	it does n't matter who brings him in , he 's gonna name you as an accessory .
PP VBZ RB he 's not	what if he hears something he 's not supposed to ?
PP VBZ VVG it 's holding	he takes his hand out , it 's holding stack of bills wrapped in a rubber band .
NN VBZ IN money 's at	now tell me where my money 's at .
WRB VBZ NN where 's jackie	and where 's jackie ?
PP VHZ VBN she 's been	she 's been there since thursday night .
PP VBZ IN it 's in	it 's in the safe .
PP VBZ IN she 's at	she 's at your office .
PP VBZ RP it 's out	her face is illuminated for a moment -- then it 's out .
NN VBZ IN money 's in	my money 's in that office , right ?
PP VHZ VVN he 's got	mark ... raising her voice ... he 's got a gun !
PP VHZ VVN he 's got	mark ... he 's got a gun !
PP VBZ IN he 's on	he 's on to a new thing .
PP VBZ IN he 's after	he 's after a guy who owns a gun shop he says is " woefully and wantonly " selling assault rifles to minors .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	he says he 's gonna take him down if it 's the last thing he does .
DT VBZ NP that 's ordell	that 's ordell 's .
CD POS NP one 's sorta	but this one 's sorta left over .
NN VBZ IN registration 's in	the registration 's in the glove box , the keys were under the seat ... what 's a matter , have n't you ever borrowed someone 's car ?
PP VHZ VBN he 's been	however , simply by sight , you 'd never know if he 's been beating at this stump for the last year or just started today .
VV VBZ VV let 's use	let 's use you as a example , monsieur lapadite .
WDT VBZ VVG that 's speeding	col. hans landa sits in the backseat of the convertible that 's speeding away from the french farmhouse .
WP VBZ VVG who 's guarding	aldo screams to the basterd who 's guarding the two german prisoners .
NN VBZ VVN army 's heard	everybody in the german army 's heard of hugo stiglitz .
PP VBZ VVG he 's wearing	he 's wearing a wife beater and power-hitting stones with a baseball bat .
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	now , werner , i 'm gonna ask you one last goddamn time , and if you still " respectfully refuse , " i 'm calling the bear jew over here , and he 's gonna take that big bat of his , and he 's gonna beat your ass to death with it .
PP VBZ VVN it 's called	it 's called treason .
NN VBZ `` donny 's "	donny 's " no " silences the gabby goorowitz .
WP VBZ VVG what 's gonna	so tell ' em we let ya live so you could spread the word through the ranks what 's gonna happen to every nazi we find .
PP VBZ VVG he 's holding	aldo has just carved the swastika , and he 's holding the bloody knife .
PP VBZ VVG she 's projecting	shosanna stands at the projector , watching the old german film she 's projecting , waiting for the first reel change mark .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	it 's been a pleasure chatting with a fellow cinema lover .
NN POS madame 's	even on the roof i ca n't smoke a cigarette without hearing madame 's
NN POS father 's	father 's
PP VBZ it 's	it 's
NP POS fredrick 's	fredrick 's
DT VBZ that 's	so that 's
PP VBZ VVN it 's called	it 's called " nation 's pride , " and guess what , they wanted me to play myself , so i did .
PP VBZ VVG he 's telling	he 's telling anybody who will listen that when " nation 's pride " is released
PP VBZ VVN she 's done	she wants to know what she 's done ?
PP VHZ VVN she 's done	who says she 's done anything ?
PP VBZ RB she 's not	it takes the young jewess a moment or two before she realizes she 's not being led to a gestapo interrogation room , a railroad car , or a concentration camp , but to lunch .
PP VBZ VVN he 's become	goebbels little do i know he 's become the toast of paris , and now he must find time for me .
VV VBZ VV let 's get	so fräulein mimieux , let 's get down to business .
NN VBZ RP war 's over	when the war 's over ,
PP VBZ `` it 's "	would n't be surprised if sixty years from now , it 's " lucky kids " that i 'm the most remembered for .
PP VBZ VVN it 's come	it 's come to my attention you have
PP VBZ VVG it 's sounding	it 's sounding more and more romantic by the minute .
PP VBZ VVN he 's gone	and with that he 's gone .
PP VBZ VVG she 's chuckling	she chuckles at that thought , though it looks like she 's chuckling at the german comedy .
PP VBZ VVG she 's enjoying	she 's enjoying the movie .
PP VBZ VVG she 's straddling	she then twists around so she 's straddling him .
NN VBZ IN bar 's in	bar 's in the globe .
PP VBZ VVG he 's making	goebbels considers the films he 's making to be the beginning of a new era in german cinema — an alternative to what he considers the jewish
PP VBZ VVN it 's called	but it 's called " nation 's pride " ?
WP VBZ who 's	she 's the one who 's
PP VBZ she 's	she 's
PP VBZ IN it 's in	this time , it 's in color .
NP POS IN shosanna 's at	shosanna 's at the editing bench .
WP VBZ RB who 's not	the british officer watches the german soldier , who 's not supposed to be there .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	if we 're going , let 's go .
PP VBZ VVN he 's supposed	he 's supposed to be american , but he 's not
WDT VBZ VVN that 's settled	well , i 'm glad that 's settled .
PP VHZ VVN he 's got	he 's got it .
DT VBZ that 's	normally that 's
EX VBZ there 's	the sergeant over there 's
EX VHZ VBN there 's been	there 's been some new developments .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	it 's been changed to is considerably smaller than the ritz .
NP POS `` riefenstahl 's "	you 'll say you 're an associate producer on riefenstahl 's " tiefland . "
NN VBZ VVN film 's gone	the film 's gone through many delays , and leni 's health is deteriorating , so if you have to speak .
JJ POS NN major 's beer	the french barmaid brings over the major 's beer stein .
PP VBZ VVG it 's driving	it 's driving stiglitz crazy , being this close to a gestapo uniform and not plunging a knife into it .
VV VBZ VV let 's give	so let 's give it a try , shall we ?
WP VBZ VVG what 's going	what 's going to happen , major , is you 're going to stand up and walk out that
PP VBZ RB it 's not	it 's not my fault !
PP VBZ PP she 's ours	yeah , she 's ours !
PP VHZ VBN she 's been	she 's been shot , but she 's alive .
VVP VBZ RB let 's not	and let 's not forget that little katzenjammer max , growin ' up without a pop .
WP VBZ IN what 's with	hey , willi , what 's with the machine gun ?
PP VBZ VVN he 's scared	i 'm scared , he 's scared , we 're all scared .
WP VBZ VVG what 's happening	what 's happening ?
NN POS VVG doctor 's examining	int — doctor 's examining room — night
PP VHZ VBN she 's been	she 's been shot .
PP VBZ SENT one 's .	and that one 's .
NN VBZ VVG somebody 's missing	it would appear somebody 's missing .
PP VBZ VVN he 's shot	he 's shot in the chest , but it looks like max 's daddy is still alive .
PP VBZ VVN it 's called	it 's called suspicious .
VV VBZ VV let 's pretend	okay , let 's pretend there were no germans , and everything went exactly
EX VHZ VBN there 's been	there 's been two recent developments regarding operation
NN VBZ VVG führer 's attending	the führer 's attending the premiere .
NN VBZ VVG hitler 's coming	so now , this is me , informing you , hitler 's coming to paris .
NN POS VVG doc 's gonna	doc 's gonna dig that slug outta your
PP VBZ VVG he 's gonna	then he 's gonna
PP VBZ NN it 's comin	we fill ya up with morphine , till it 's comin out ya ears .
DT VBZ IN that 's about	that 's about it .
PP VBZ RB it 's not	no , no , no , no , lieutenant , it 's not !
NN POS VVG marcel 's living	int — shosanna and marcel 's living quarters — night
NN POS VVG marcel 's living	we 're in shosanna and marcel 's living quarters above the cinema .
PP VHZ VHN she 's had	this is the first time in her life she 's had the opportunity
PP VBZ IN it 's on	a small gun and puts it in the pocket of her dress , and it 's on .
NN VBZ VVG marcel 's prepping	marcel 's prepping the film reels for tonight .
VV VBZ VV let 's go	let 's go over it again ?
NP POS VVP landa 's think	inside landa 's think bubble a little scene plays out .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	col. landa , it 's been years .
WP VBZ VVN what 's happened	so what 's happened to your lovely leg ?
VV VBZ VV let 's enjoy	let 's enjoy some champagne .
PP VBZ VVG she 's going	jewish with tremendous guilt , knowing if she is successful tonight , she 's going to burn him alive , and says :
PP VBZ VVG he 's saying	like he 's saying , leave the boy alone , till we come back .
PP VBZ VVN he 's jumped	he 's jumped by the six nazi ushers .
PP VBZ VVN he 's thrown	he 's thrown
PP VBZ he 's	back and he 's
PP VBZ it 's	it 's
PP VBZ VVN he 's hoisted	then he 's hoisted
NP VBZ VVN aldo 's put	aldo 's put up against a wall .
PP VBZ VVG he 's screaming	inside the black hood , he 's screaming every insulting thing about germany , germans , german food , german
PP VBZ IN she 's in	oh , i 'm sure she 's in whatever , big bubbling
DT VBZ CD that 's one	if they 're still there , and if they 're still alive , and that 's one big if , there ai n't no way you gonna take
VV VBZ VV let 's discuss	so , gentlemen , let 's discuss the prospect of ending the war .
VV VBZ VV let 's call	let 's call it , the terms of my conditional surrender , if that tastes better going down .
PP VBZ VVG it 's going	in a few short minutes , it 's going to be show time .
DT VBZ VVG that 's playing	that 's playing now , .
WP VHZ VVN who 's done	we 're eye level with the german soldier , with an army cap on his head , who 's done washing his hands .
PP VHZ VBN it 's been	oh , please , it 's been two years since i 've done a reel change .
PP VBZ VVG he 's holding	he 's holding a luger in his hand .
PP VBZ VVG she 's going	dying or not , if shosanna intends to get her revenge , she 's going to have to lift her ass off the floor and execute this fucking reel change .
WP VBZ VVG who 's going	jew who 's going to do it .
