<meta file=quentin-tarantino_pulp-fiction.txt>
a normal denny's, spires-like coffee shop in los angeles.
it's about 9:00 in the morning.
while the place isn't jammed, there's a healthy number of people drinking coffee, munching on bacon and eating eggs.
no, forget it, it's too risky.
i know that's what i always say.
the waitress pours the young woman's coffee.
i heard about this guy, walked into a federal bank with a portable phone, handed the phone to the teller, the guy on the other end of the phone said: "we got this guy's little girl, and if you don't give him all your money, we're gonna kill 'er."
fuckin' a it worked, that's what i'm talkin' about!
but they'll probably put us in a situation where it's us of them.
and if it's not the gooks, it these old jews who've owned the store for fifteen fuckin' generations.
it's a coffee shop.
what's wrong with that?
customers are sittin' there with food in their mouths, they don't know what's goin' on.
one minute they're havin' a denver omelet, next minute somebody's stickin' a gun in their face.
then you got the idea to take everybody's wallet.
a smiles breaks out on the young woman's face.
into it i'm ready, let's go, right here, right now.
pumpkin's robbery persona is that of the in-control professional.
honey bunny's is that of the psychopathic, hair-triggered, loose cannon.
yeah, it's legal, but is ain't a hundred percent legal.
yeah, it breaks down like this: it's legal to buy it, it's legal to own it and, if you're the proprietor of a hash bar, it's legal to sell it.
it's legal to carry it, which doesn't really matter 'cause – get a load of this – if the cops stop you, it's illegal for this to search you.
that did it, man – i'm fuckin' goin', that's all there is to it.
it's the little differences.
in paris, you can buy beer at macdonald's.
big mac's a big mac, but they call it le big mac.
it's possible.
what's her name?
what's a pilot?
yes, but you're aware that there's an invention called television, and on that invention they show shows?
well, the way they pick the shows on tv is they make one show, and that show's called a pilot.
he's got a weight problem.
what's the nigger gonna do, he's samoan.
and word around the campfire, it was on account of marsellus wallace's wife.
that's all?
since then, he's kinda developed a speech impediment.
that's a damn shame.
you don't be givin' marsellus wallace's new bride a foot massage.
it's laying hands on marsellus wallace's new wife in a familiar way.
look maybe your method of massage differs from mine, but touchin' his lady's feet, and stickin' your tongue in her holyiest of holyies, ain't the same ballpark, ain't the same league, ain't even the same fuckin' sport.
jules looks at him a long moment – he's been set up.
it ain't quite time, let's hang back.
that's what's so fuckin' cool about 'em.
this sensual thing's goin' on that nobody's talkin about, but you know it and she knows it, fuckin' marsellus knew it, and antwan shoulda known fuckin' better.
that's his fuckin' wife, man.
that's an interesting point, but let's get into character.
what's her name again?
why you so interested in big man's wife?
well, marsellus is leavin' for florida and when he's gone, he wants me to take care of mia.
it's like when you and your buddy's wife go to a movie or somethin'.
it's just... you know... good company.
it's not a date.
macdonald's, wendy's, jack-in-the- box, where?
that's that hawaiian burger joint.
uuummmm, that's a tasty burger.
me, i can't usually eat 'em 'cause my girlfriend's a vegetarian.
you'a smart motherfucker, that's right.
he points to a fast food drink cup what's in this?
uuuuummmm, hit's the spot!
it's under the be –
it's under the bed.
we can't see what's inside, but a small glow emits from the case.
to jules look, what's your name?
i got his name's vincent, but what's yours?
my name's pitt, and you ain't talkin' your ass outta this shit.
he's not crying or whimpering, but he's so full of fear, it's as if his body is imploding.
jules takes his .45 and presses the barrel hard in brett's cheek.
well he's... he's... black –
...and he's... he's... bald –
there's a passage i got memorized, seems appropriate for this situation: ezekiel 25:17.
blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
"vincent vega and marsellus wallace's wife"
talking to him off screen is everybody's boss marsellus wallace.
now that's a hard motherfuckin' fact of life, but it's a fact of life your ass is gonna hafta git realistic about.
now the night of the fight, you may fell a slight sting, that's pride fuckin' wit ya.
sally leroy's – day
sally leroy's is a large topless bar by lax that marsellus owns.
vincent's classic malibu whips into the near empty parking lot and parks next to a white honda civic.
dave isn't really english, he's a young black man from baldwin park, who has run a few clubs for marsellus, including sally leroy's.
sally leroy's – day
where's the big man?
he's over there, finishing up some business.
vincent's pov: butch shakes hands with a huge figure with his back to us.
what's so funny?
she's the big man's fuckin' wife.
i'm gonna sit across a table, chew my food with my mouth closed, laugh at her jokes and that's all i'm gonna do.
english dave puts vince's coffee in front of him.
my name's paul, and this is between y'all.
we dolly into cu on butch, left alone in the frame, looking like he's ready to go into the manners-teaching business.
butch's pov: vincent hugging and kissing the obscured figure that is marsellus.
butch makes the wise decision that is this asshole's a friend of marsellus, he better let it go – for now.
lance's house kitchen – night
it's a great book on body piercing.
even though vince is at the same table, he's not included in the conversation.
it's a sex thing.
lance's bedroom – night
he's never had a day job, never filed a tax return and has never been arrested.
three bags of heroin lie on lance's bed.
now the first two are the same, forty- five an ounce – those are friend prices – but this one... pointing to the choco ...this one's a little more expensive.
it's fifty-five.
it's real, real, real, good shit.
but this one's a fuckin' madman.
that's a bold statement.
this is a seller's market.
heroin's comin' back in a big fuckin' way.
it's this whole seventies retro.
if it's as good as you say, i'll be back for a thousand.
which one's trudi?
no, that's jody.
that's my wife.
oh man, that's fucked up.
it's out five fuckin' days – five days, and some dickless piece of shit fucks with it.
it's chicken shit.
you don't fuck another man's vehicle.
going into vincent's vein.
closeup – vincent's thumb
marsellus wallace's house – night
the door's open.
the door's open.
mia's mouth comes toward a microphone.
into microphone it's on the wall by the two african fellas.
into microphone go make yourself a drink., and i'll be down in two shakes of a lamb's tail.
over intercom the bar's by the fireplace.
let's go.
jackrabbit slim's – night
in the past six years, 50's diners have sprung up all over l.a., giving thai restaurants a run for their money.
but then there's jackrabbit slim's, the big mama of 50's diners.
vincent's malibu pulls up to the restaurant.
underneath the cartoon is the name: jackrabbit slim's.
this is jackrabbit slim's.
come on, mia, let's go get a steak.
jackrabbit slim's – night
posters from 50's a.i.p.
the picture windows don't look out the street, but instead, b & w movies of 50's street scenes play behind them.
the waitresses and waiters are made up as replicas of 50's icons: marilyn monroe, zorro, james dean, donna reed, martin and lewis, and the philip morris midget, wait on tables wearing appropriate costumes.
it's like a wax museum with a pulse rate.
it's just tobacco.
out of nowhere appears a zippo lighter in vincent's hand.
five, as in there's one... two ... three... four... five of us.
she could do illusions, she was a trapeze artist – when you're keeping the world safe from evil, you never know when being a trapeze artist's gonna come in handy.
it's really corny.
laughing that's what i'm afraid of.
that's not what i meant and you know it.
that's not what you said vince.
well now i'm definitely not gonna tell ya, 'cause it's been built up too much.
that's a pretty fuckin' good milk shake.
i don't know if it's worth five dollars, but it's pretty fuckin' good.
why do we feel it's necessary to yak about bullshit in order to be comfortable?
that's when you know you found somebody special.
jackrabbit slim's ladies room – night
jackrabbit slim's dining area – night
we shoulda sat in marilyn monroe's section.
which one, there's two marilyn monroes.
no there's not.
that's marilyn monroe...
... and that's mamie van doren.
actually, there's something i've wanted to ask you about, but you seem like a nice person, and i didn't want to offend you.
then let's just forget it.
besides, it's more exciting when you don't have permission.
who's antwan?
that's one way to say it.
no it's not, it's just what i heard.
no and, that's it.
a husband almost killing another man for touching his wife's feet is something else.
into microphone ladies and gentlemen, now the moment you've all been waiting for, the worldfamous jackrabbit slim's twist contest.
into microphone let's hear it for our first contestants.
now let's meet our first contestants here this evening.
into microphone all right, let's see what you can do.
mia and vincent dance to chuck berry's "you never can tell".
marsellus wallace's home – night
she dances her way around the room and finds herself by vincent's overcoat hanging on the rack.
mia's one happy clam.
bathroom marsellus wallace's house – night
her hands go to her nose which feels like it's on fucking fire, something is terribly wrong.
...it's a moral test of yourself, whether or not you can maintain loyalty.
because when people are loyal to each other, that's very meaningful.
mia is on all fours trying to crawl to the bathroom, but it's like she's trying to crawl with the bones removed from her knees.
blood begins to drip from mia's nose.
and that's all you're gonna do.
now that he's given himself a little pep talk, vincent's ready for whatever's waiting for him on the other side of that door.
she's twisted on her back.
vincent moves like greased lightning to mia's fallen body.
but she's unable to communicate mia makes a few lost mumbles, but they're not distinctive enough to be called words.
it's gone.
vincent's hot rod moving – night
int.vincent's hot rod moving – night
lance's house – night
the phone's ringing!
by the phone i told 'em and that's what i'm gonna tell this fuckin' asshole right now!
whoa, hold you horses man, what's the problem?
i need it man, i got a chick she's fuckin'  doing on me.
she's odin'?
she's dyin'.
at that moment inside lance's house, we hear vincent's malibu coming up the street.
the curtains open with a whoosh in time to see vincent's malibu driving up on his front lawn and crashing into his house.
lance's house – night
this fucked up bitch is marsellus wallace's wife.
lance's house – night
we start in lance's and jody's bedroom.
she's wearing a long tee-shirt with a picture of fred flintstone on it.
it's only one-thirty in the goddamn mornin'!
what the fuck's goin' on out here?
as she walks in the living room, she sees vincent and lance standing over mia, who's lying on the floor in the middle of the room.
who's she?
what's wrong with her?
she's oding on us.
while she's gettin' the shot, i gotta get a medical book.
he frantically starts scanning the junk for the book he's looking for, repeating the words, "come on," endlessly.
what's he lookin' for?
it's like a text book they give to nurses.
well if it's that important, why didn't you keep it with the shot?
while you're lookin' for it, that girl's gonna die on our carpet.
well, i don't know exactly where her heart is, i think it's here.
vince points to mia's right breast.
that's it.
it's ready, i'll tell you what to do.
vincent grabs the magic marker out of jody's hand and makes a big red dot on mia's body where her heart is.
but she's got a breast plate in front of her heart, so you gotta pierce through that.
she's supposed to come out of it like – snaps his fingers – that.
vincent's eyes narrow, ready to do this.
red dot on mia's body.
jody's face is alive with anticipation.
mia's head is jolted from the impact.
mia's eyes pop wide open and she lets out a hellish cry of the banshee.
mia's scream runs out.
the other three, now scooted halfway across the room, shaken to their bones, look to see if she's alright.
vincent's malibu moving – night
front of marsellus wallace's house – night
vincent's out of the car, standing on the walkway, a big distance between the two.
what's yours?
let's shake on it.
mum's the word.
mia lets go of vincent's hand and silently makes the see-no- evil, hear-no-evil, and speak-no-evil sign with her hands.
you won't laugh because it's not funny.
off screen we hear a woman's voice... .
woman's voice o.s.
butch's pov
we're in the living room of a modest two bedroom house in alhambra, california, in the year 1972. butch's mother, 35ish, stands in the doorway leading into the living room.
koons steps inside the room toward the little boy and bends down on one knee to bring him even with the boy's eyeline.
see, i was a good friend of your daddy's.
it was your great-granddaddy's war watch, made by the first company to ever make wrist watches.
unfortunately, dane's luck wasn't as good as his old man's.
after the war was over, he paid a visit to your grandmother, delivering to your infant father, his dad's gold watch.
this watch was on your daddy's wrist when he was shot down over hanoi.
and he'd be damned if and slopeheads were gonna put their greasy yella hands on his boy's birthright.
he lies on a table catching a few zzzzzz's before his big fight.
it's time, butch.
but it's of paramount importance that during the sad weeks ahead, the eyes of the w.b.a.
esmarelda's reaction takes in the strangeness of this sight.
esmarelda's bare foot stomps on the gas pedal.
his trainer is on his knees, head on floyd's chest, crying over the body.
the huge figure that is marsellus wallace stands at the table, hand on the trainer's shoulder, lending emotional support.
he's dead?
no, it's a subject i have much interest in.
it's a very pretty name.
that's one hell of a name you got there, sister.
now i know he's dead, do you wanna know how i feel about it?
hey, if he was a better fighter he's be alive.
enough about the poor unfortunate mr. floyd, let's talk about the rich and prosperous mr. butch.
esmeralda's taxi pulled into the motel parking lot.
he leans in the driver's side window.
and here's a little something for the effort.
esmarelda's eyes light up.
lying curled up on the bed, fully dressed, with her back to us is butch's french girlfriend, fabienne.
i have a bit of a tummy, like madonna when she did "lucky star," it's not the same thing.
it's unfortunate what we find pleasing to the touch and pleasing to the eye is seldom the same.
butch's hand goes out of frame and starts massaging her crotch.
butch's head goes down out of frame to carry out the oral pleasure.
fabienne's face is alone in the frame.
she's drying her head with a towel.
where's the shoe store?
on tv: william smith and a bunch of hell's angels are taking on the entire vietnamese army in the film "the losers".
butch, still trying to chase the cobwebs away, sees on tv hell's angels tear-assin' through a vietnamese prison camp.
it's a little too early in the morning for explosions and war.
it's really rare i remember a dream.
well, let's look at the grumpy man in the morning.
i didn't say you were lying, it's just odd you don't remember your dreams.
– where's my watch?
it's there.
no, it's not.
it's not here.
he's now throwing clothes.
fabienne can hardly speak, she's never seen butch this way.
well it's not here!
oh it most definitely should be here, but it's not.
fabienne, that was my father's fuckin' watch.
now all this other shit, you coulda set on fire, but i specifically reminded you not to forget my father's watch.
it's not your fault.
if you did leave it at the apartment, it's not your fault.
that's what i'm gonna find out.
he digs some money out of his wallet now here's some money, order those pancakes and have a great breakfast.
and with that, he's out the door.
of all the fuckin' things she coulda forgot, she forgets my father's watch.
i said the words: "don't forget my father's watch."
street – butch's apartment – day
basically, it looks like normal morning activity in front of butch's home.
across the street from butch's building, on the corner, is a combination donut shop and japanese restaurant.
butch's apartment courtyard – day
butch's apartment – day
sure enough, there's the watch just like he said it was: on the bedside table, hanging on his little kangaroo statue.
butch doesn't move, except to point the m61 in vincent's direction.
that's all the situation needed.
butch's finger hits the trigger.
that's how you're gonna beat 'em, butch.
he steps off the curb, crossing the street in front of butch's car.
when marsellus is in front of butch's car, he casually glances to his left, sees butch, continues walking... then stops!
butch sits dazed and confused in the crumpled mess of what at one time was fabienne's honda.
gawker #1 to the others he's dead!
he's dead!
this jerk's yelling makes marsellus come to.
marsellus follows the gawker's finger and sees butch coolidge down the street, looking a shambles.
marsellus brings up his weapon and fires, but he's so hurt, shaky and dazed that his arm goes wild.
that's all butch needs to see.
he's outta here.
the big man's hot on his ass with a cockeyed wobbly run.
the gangster's feet go out from under him and the big man falls flat on his back.
butch and marsellus look up at maynard, who's brandishing a pumpaction shotgun, aimed at the two men.
it's maynard.
that's zed.
no, it's thursday.
i think the gimp's sleepin'.
maynard hands the gimp's leash to zed, then backs away.
who's first?
the gimps's eyes go from one to the other inside the mask.
naw, drag big boy to russell's old room.
zed grabs marsellus' chair and drags him into russell's old room.
as marsellus is dragged away, he locks eyes with butch before he disappears behind the door of russell's old room.
maynard ties the gimp's leash to a hook on the ceiling.
maynard disappears into russell's old room.
whoa, this boy's got a bit of fight in 'em!
that's it... that's it boy, you're goin' fine.
oooooooh, just like that... that's good.
butch is out of his chair, quickly dispensing three boxer's punches to its face.
grabbing them, he's about to go out when he stops and listens to the hillbilly psychopaths having their way with marsellus.
but then he spots what he's been looking for:
it hands in its hand-carved wood sheath from a nail on the wall, next to a neon "dad's old-fashioned root beer" sign.
it's a magnificent piece of steel.
it's as sharp as it gets.
sodomy and the judds can still be heard going string behind the closed door that leads to russell's old room.
russell's old room – day
butch's hand comes into frame, pushing the door open.
zed disengages from marsellus in a hurry and his eyes go from the tip of butch's sword to marsellus' .45 automatic, which lies within reach.
butch's eyes follow zed's.
zed's hand inches toward the weapon.
butch steps aside, revealing marsellus standing behind him, holding maynard's pump-action shotgun.
this shit's between me and you and the soon-to-be-livin'- the-rest-of-his-short-ass-life-in- agonizing-pain, mr. rapist here.
it ain't nobody else's business.
butch leaves russell's old room through the red curtains.
into the phone hello mr. wolf, it's marsellus.
he looks ahead and sees, parked in front of the establishment, zed's big chrome chopper with a teardrop gas tank that has the name "grace" on it.
butch and fabienne's hotel room – day
he checks his father's watch.
honey, grab your radio and your purse and let's go!
he kick-starts it it's a chopper, baby, hop on.
everything's fine.
it's a chopper.
zed's.
who's zed?
zed's dead, baby, zed's dead.
there's a passage i got memorized, seems appropriate for this situation: ezekiel 25:17.
the fourth man is pacing around the small room, listening hard to what's being said on the other side of the door, tightly clutching his huge silver .357 magnum.
he scream until he's dry firing.
amazing as it seems, none of the fourth man's shots appear to have hit anybody.
the fourth man is taken out of the scenario by the two men's bullets who, unlike his, hit their marks.
yeah, man, that's what is means.
that's exactly what it means!
it's a freak, but it happens.
that's it for me.
vincent's .45 goes bang!
what the fuck's happening?
where's toluca lake.
if jimmie's ass ain't home, i don't know what the fuck we're gonna go.
how you doin' man, it's jules.
jimmie's bathroom – day
we gotta be real fuckin' delicate with this jimmie's situation.
he's one remark away from kickin' our asses out the door.
jimmie's my friend and you don't bust in your friend's house and start tellin' 'im what's what.
it's eight o'clock in the morning.
don't forget who's doin' who a favor.
blood's real hard to get off.
but it's shit like this that's gonna bring this situation to a boil.
he's your friend, you handle him.
jimmie's kitchen – morning
three men are standing in jimmie's kitchen, each with a mug of coffee.
but what's on my mind at this moment isn't the coffee in my kitchen, it's the dead nigger in my garage.
there's nothin' you can say that's gonna make me forget i love my wife.
now she's workin' the graveyard shift at the hospital.
that's all we want.
phone's in my bedroom.
marsellus wallace's dining room – morning
jimmie's bedroom – morning
jules paces around in jimmie's bedroom on the phone.
if she comes home from a hard day's work and finds a bunch of gangsters doin' a bunch of gangsta' shit in her kitchen, ain't no tellin' what she's apt to do.
shit negro, that's all you had to say.
expect a call around 10:30. it's about thirty minutes away.
jimmie's street – morning
a silver porsche whips the corner leading to jimmie's home, in hyper drive.
easily doing 135 mph, the porsche stops on a dime in front of jimmie's house.
jimmie's house – morning
let's get down to brass tacks, gentlemen.
jimmie's garage – morning
aside from how it looks, the car's cool.
hey man, as far as i know, the motherfucker's tip-top.
good enough, let's go back to the kitchen.
if my help's not appreciated, lotsa luck gentlemen.
if i'm curt with you, it's because time is a factor.
jimmie's bedroom – morning
jimmie's gathering all the bedspreads, quilts and linen he has.
into phone it's a 1974 chevy nova.
i want to help you guys out and all, but that's my best linen.
takes out a roll of bills i like oak myself, that's what's in my bedroom.
oak's nice.
did you ever hear the philosophy that once a man admits he's wrong, he's immediately forgiven for all wrong-doings?
redline 7000, that's where you are.
just know, it's fuckin' dangerous to be drivin' a race car when it's in the red.
i'm washin' windows and you're pickin' up this nigger's skull.
i can't believe that's the same car.
well, let's not start suckin' each other's dicks quite yet.
jimmie's backyard – morning
jules and vincent stand side by side in their black suits, covered in blood, in jimmie's backyard.
quickly gentlemen, we got about fifteen minutes before jimmie's better- half comes pulling into the driveway.
like a couple of guys who just blew off somebody's head.
toss the clothes in jim's garbage bag.
goddamn, that water's fuckin' cold!
jimmie's garage – morning
gentlemen, let's get our rules of the road straight.
we're going to a place called monster joe's truck and tow.
if i get my car back any different than i gave it, monster joe's gonna be disposing of two bodies.
monster joe's truck and tow – morning
jules and vincent wait by winston's porsche.
what's with the outfits.
winston grabs jules' wrist and pantomimes like he's in a "dead zone" trance.
painfully it's your future: i see... a cab ride.
respect for one's elders shows character.
to jules, who's nursing his coffee want a sausage?
that's a filthy animal.
but a dog's got personality.
so by that rationale, if a pig had a better personality, he's cease to be a filthy animal?
what's an act of god?
i guess it's when god makes the impossible possible.
it's not about what.
what is significant is i felt god's touch, god got involved.
that's what's fuckin' wit' me!
that's what i've been sitting here contemplating.
and without a job, residence, or legal tender, that's what you're gonna be – a fuckin' bum!
jules looks up, not believing what he's seeing.
i'm the manager here, there's no problem, no problem at all –
he reaches him and sticks the barrel of his gun hard in the manager's neck.
what's in that?
this exchange has been kind of quiet, not everybody heard it, but honey bunny senses something's wrong.
what's goin' on?
you don't open up that case, it's gonna be the last.
it's all yours, ringo.
pumpkin's expression goes to amazement.
it's beautiful.
like a rattlesnake, jules' free hand grabs the wrist of pumpkin's gun hand, slamming it on the table.
his other hand comes from under the table and sticks the barrel of his .45 hand under pumpkin's chin.
softly tell her it's gonna be okay.
what's her name?
nobody's gonna hurt anybody.
c'mon yolanda, what's fonzie like?
through tears, unsure he's cool?
and that's what we're gonna be, we're gonna be cool.
and when motherfuckers get scared, that's when motherfuckers get accidentally shot.
so let's see what we can do.
what the fuck's goin' on here?
it's cool, vincent!
it's cool!
yolanda, it's cool baby, nothin's changed.
it's cool, honey bunny, we're still cool.
gun raised what the hell's goin' on, jules?
i want you to just hang back and don't do shit unless it's absolutely necessary.
just hang in there, baby, you're doing' great, ringo's proud of you and so am i.  it's almost over.
it's the one that says bad motherfucker on it.
pumpkin looks in the bag and – sure enough – there's a wallet with "bad motherfucker" embroidered on it.
that's my bad motherfucker.
put it in your pocket, it's yours.
there's a passage i got memorized.
for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
and mr. .45 here, he's the shepherd protecting my righteous ass in the valley of darkness.
or is could by you're the righteous man and i'm the shepherd and it's the world that's evil and selfish.
to himself it's cold.
that's probably a good idea.
<meta file=quentin-tarantino_four-rooms.txt>
as presentation credits begin, we hear johnny cash's "home of the blues."
then we see allison's name, under it alex's, under that robert's, under that quentin's, then under that the title logo for four rooms, followed by "starring tim roth as the bellboy."
it all comes down to one sap: the night-shift bellhop, that's me.
silence of course not... it's so simple it's stupid.
i took rin tin tin out for a shit, for christ's sakes.
the old man is dressed in a striped t-shirt with a bellhop's cap on.
it's tough not to get a little personal in this business.
it's also kinda decrepit.
super: new year's eve 7:00 p.m.
a bellhop's bellhop.
i'm having a new year's eve party.
and there's this guy.
he's gonna be there.
ted, the night's cake.
it's easy.
the day's when it's busy.
during the night there's nothing to do.
it's new year's eve.
you just got butterflies, that's all.
okay, let's calm down a minute.
let's just talk.
okay... okay... okay... i'm calm, i'm cool, let's talk.
it's new year's eve.
nobody's having any parties, a few get-togethers, but no parties.
you got about three people checking in tonight, that's it.
the only reason i refer to it as a variable is that he's a movie star.
i'm tellin' ya, ted, it's cake.
two, that's not a fair price.
you don't bother me unless it's an emergency.
in fact, for fifty bucks, you better not call me unless the fuckin' building's burning down.
ted takes athena's luggage onto his cart.
yeah, well what color are you seein' around me... how's the tip lookin?
as if she can't help herself, athena's eyes are strangely drawn to his crotch.
i been in dis' place many new year's.
it's impossible to imagine having an orgasm in this room -- unless it were achieved by laughing.
well, it's a swimming pool, but it will be under the setting sun, okay?
just as ted's eyes grow wide with anxiety, several packs of smokes drop into the juvenile delinquent's hands.
that's right -- i smoke, and i'm addicted to it, and i don't want the same thing to happen to you.
in game-show host voice "hello -- welcome to this week's edition of the hypocrite of the year award --"
that's enough --
she cuts kiva's ramble off.
kiva, behind elspeth's back, exits from the bedroom doorway into the hall and comes back in, lugging the tv into the honeymoon bedroom.
i can't leave her at home -- she's on probation and i gotta keep an eye on her.
let's not forget -- i am the high fucking priestess.
and saying this, she kisses kiva's nose and leaves the room.
wearily oh yeah -- it's so great -- it's fantastic.
in deep empathy ohhh... i know it all seems very strange but you're coping with us much better than the bellboys of past new year's.
past new year's?
oh... no, that's all right.
ted holds eva's hippy sacks as she holds her black pot.
eva's heart sinks.
ted's no fool, he waits while eva looks through her change purse.
back home, they jist yank on the umbilical cord, do a karate chop on the mama's belly, and them things come right out.
close on ted's face as he gets thoroughly grossed out.
kiva takes elspeth's hand and presses it lightly on her face.
elspeth is enthralled, but from a disgusted "ick" sound from jezebel, elspeth realizes she's revealing this side of her life -- in front of her coven.
elspeth lets go of kiva's hair.
we are communing here on new year's eve to bring to life the great goddess diana, who was turned to stone in this very room forty years ago today.
on this night, in this hour, we call upon the ancient power o goddess bride, i offer thee milk from a mother's sweet titty!
to reverse the evil which has been done i make this offering to the divine one a whore not, an innocent was, for whom i seized a virgin's blood.
to bring you life and get you high i offer the sweat of five men's thighs.
in hope that you live, and to us appear, i have collected a year's worth of tears.
now it's eva's turn.
the girls keep their eyes closed as they sway, waiting for eva's offering.
amazingly, ted's attention is captivated by eva's sorrow, not by the naked charms of the other witches.
here's the things you asked for.
handing ted 50 bucks okay, mister, here's your fifty-dollar tip, only, you have to do one more thing... make our little eva smile.
my blood sugar's really low.
we meet back here in one hour and let's all have faith that eva can get this guy off.
ted's getting the creeps, but again puffs himself up.
you mean, you were supposed to bring... like... like a guy's... and you...?
besides, it's against hotel policy.
ha, c'mon now, joke's over.
that's not flea powder, that's sacred dust ground from the horns of albino goats.
what's a nice girl like you doing in a coven, anyway?
trying to dodge her hexing eyes well, that's a good thing!
betty's gonna kill me!
who's betty -- your girlfriend?
what's that used for?
it's a birch branch, symbolizing eternal life.
didn't your mama teach you that water strips a girl's lubrication?
okay, girls, enough sex education 101, let's get going with our ritual, goddammit.
let's leave her here, with the sword, until dawn.
jezebel's cat leaps from her arms as she hoists her luggage.
she closes the door on the honeymoon suite till next new year's eve!.
pause, he checks his computer that's not what the machine tells me.
who's your assistant?
it's room 404, i think.
man's voice no one here but us chickens.
say, it's pretty dark in here, sir.
man's voice what do you expect, theodore, a fuckin' floor show?
man's voice i don't know.
that's cute.
in fact, the whole getup's kind of cute.
the monkey suit's a nice touch, honey puss.
look my name is ted, actually, and i have no idea what's going on here, but i've obviously come at a bad time.
let's not belabor the fact that you have no sense of timing, theodore.
continuing and i couldn't think of a better time for you to introduce me to your beau than on new year's eve.
oh fuck, there's a mistake.
suddenly, with great force, sigfried slams the butt of his pistol smack into ted's temple, sending him to the floor.
but let's cut to the chase, okay?
sigfried's mood swings drastically; he bends down next to ted.
let's get our abc's right, here, theodore.
ted's better.
oh, for christ's sake, theodore, this is about as intimate a situation as you can get, you, me, and angela here.
it's pretty cozy.
sigfried's eyes pop open.
it's one way with you, angela, isn't it?
sigfried's had enough.
that's one thing you can say about angela.
you don't think i notice there is a gag in the woman's mouth.
it's all in the eyes... points the gun at ted him?
let's drag it out.
ted finally gets the point and cautiously removes the gag from angela's mouth.
listen, lady, i don't know what in the hell is going on here, but i'd appreciate it if you would explain to that nutcase that he's making a big mistake.
everyone starts out strangers, ted, it's where we end up that counts.
it's too hard.
there's a gun in my suitcase behind the bed, it's loaded...
that's not fair.
first off, who says he's my husband?
so why's he got you tied up?
that's it, teddy.
sigfried suddenly comes to life... he's heard from the bathroom belting out "life is but a dream... she-boom, she- boom."
she panics quick, he's coming back.
sigfried coughs, sending a chill up ted's spine.
ted's fingers are frozen over angela's lips.
that's fine.
i used to have a little bunny rabbit named teddy, it looked real cute nibbling on angela's ear.
the directness of sigfried's command, coupled with the sound of a trigger being cocked, forces ted to approach angela.
as he closes in, angela's eyes close.
what's the matter, no whiz left in the cheese?
it's almost all over, theodore, and soon you can go home to mommy.
ted struggles to free himself from sigfried's powerful bear hug and blasts out the following monologue.
my name is not theodore, it's ted, ted, ted, t... e... d... ted... not teddy, not theodore... ted... yes, my mother did me the service of naming me theodore and i haven't a clue as to how you know that because everyone who knows that lives a long way away from here.
do you have any idea what it's like to go to school where all the other kids' parents are in jail doing time for crimes like grand larceny, aggravated assault, burglary and murder, and you get stuck with a mother who names you theodore and dressed you up in little matching pink outfits with, get this, a little blue bow fucking tie!
ted cautiously takes sigfried's hand.
it's a deal, kid.
sigfried holds onto ted's hand.
car horns and a muffled countdown signal that it's new year's.
sigfried moves uncomfortably close to ted and from out of nowhere bolts forward, planting a wet kiss right on ted's mouth.
continuing that's the wrong door, sir.
sigfried pulls ted's face closer to his.
get me the nitro... it's in the bathroom cabinet.
he figures this is the best chance he's got to make a break.
shouting in the distance it's no time to take a leak, teddy, i'm fucking dying here!
outside the window, ted's in another world.
he's almost safe.
it's a strange feeling, kind of like bathing in warm water in paradise, knowing a huge shark is ready to rip his ass off.
it's not his blood.
something's wrong with the guy, all the blood is drained from his face and he is mumbling something.
it takes all ted's strength to dodge the puke and pull himself back into the bathroom.
no one's there.
he heads toward the door and, from out of the corner of his eye, he spots sigfried's hairy leg.
angela's chair has been knocked on its side.
where's the fucking nitro?
untie me, for christ's sake, you fucking upset him and he's dying.
ted turns on a dime and runs smack into sigfried, who's been taking in the whole conversation.
angela hears sigfried's voice from behind her back.
easy for you to say after you fuck another man's wife.
that's a lie, sigfried.
sigfried slowly raises his gun, pointing it directly at ted's chest.
whimpering he's got a huge cock?
she's lying again, mister.
it's not that big.
come on, man, she's lying.
can't you see she's fucking with you?
it's hard to stop talking about something so huge.
it's not me, mister, i swear.
personally, i don't give a fuck, ted, it's just i don't want to be alone right now.
sigfried heaves the gun over his shoulder, grabs a half-empty bottle of jack daniel's, and passes it to ted, who takes a hit.
that's beautiful.
continuing so you know what i say, let's call it a truce, kiddo.
ted is overcome by the sweetness in sigfried's voice and follows him to the window willingly.
that's nice of you to say, ted, but i probably should make a clean break of it, cut her loose and get my own place.
it's not for everyone, but maybe in your case it could help.
it's like a big black carpet rolled out as far as the eye can see.
that's love, ted, it's like a path of light in an ocean of darkness.
it's somewhere around here.
the guy takes off in the direction ted's walking from.
continuing hey, what's your name?
he finally has one moment's peace after an already long night.
close-up of a cigarette hanging out of a man's mouth as he speaks into the telephone.
he watches his wife comb juancho's hair down and to the side like an idiot.
man begins to slick juancho's hair back.
he's happy he's going to look like his dad.
man is starting to have problems of his own with juancho's hair.
juancho's hair is thinner than man's, so it won't stay up.
juancho picks up the cigarette and pretends he's smoking too, just like his dad.
he looks at his own cool hair, and then down at juancho's, which won't stay up.
you've got your mother's hair.
in anger, man starts messing up juancho's hair.
furious, man simply swipes juancho's hair back down and to the side, the way wife had it before.
putting a plastic clip in sarah's hair there.
man blows smoke in wife's face as he walks out of the bathroom.
we can see the wheels turning in man's head.
shrugs let's just leave the kids here.
he kisses wife's face and exits the bathroom.
she's looking at the door man and wife just disappeared through.
ted appears at the door with man's champagne.
three's good.
man grabs ted's face and tilts it torward wife.
tell me that's not a face you can trust.
man lets go of ted's face.
it's still there.
man whips out his wallet and counts out money in ted's face.
ted not only doesn't back down, but psychologically pokes his finger in the scary man's chest.
man's eyes narrow.
he physically pokes his finger in ted's chest.
it's new year's eve and i'm here alone.
-- no, they're not a pain in the ass, it's the situation that's a pain in the ass.
looking at name tag what's your name?
it's ted.
man tears off ted's name tag and throws it to children.
man puts the money in ted's pocket and then grabs his ear, pulling him close.
if there's an emergency, call me on the phone, like your dad said.
that's not what he said.
ted's surprised by a challenge this early in the game.
sarah looks over at juancho's bare feet.
it's me, sarah.
it's already on.
that's not what the machine tells me.
there's naked ladies dancing on my tv and i want 'em off.
he's reluctant.
sarah waits until he's close enough to her foot before she kicks him in the face, sending him somersaulting off the bed and crashing to the floor.
it's only a matter of time before he finds mischief.
he looks at the board and see room 716's light blinking.
it's me.
there's all kinds of leftover stuff around here.
there's a card in the bathroom that says you'll bring free toothbrushes if we ask for them.
juancho puts down his champagne glass and searches his father's coat pocket.
in the bathroom, sarah seeks out her mother's lipstick.
sarah stands atop the chest of drawers and uses the lipstick to draw a bull's-eye on one of the hotel art paintings.
pointing out the rules the center is the bull's eye, 100 points, this one's 10 points, this one's 20 points.
well, it's before midnight.
she's a little drunk.
he sees the painting on the wall but can't figure out what's different about it.
you wanna look nice in case there's an earthquake, don'tcha?
what's that?
you know, it's nighttime and you wanna run around and act crazy.
the smell helps clear your sinuses too, so it's doing double duty.
what happens when it's morning?
extreme close-up on ted's eyes.
juancho looks at her as if she's drunk.
stuffed into the bedsprings is a woman's dead and beaten corpse.
ted's phone ringing.
what do you want now, for christ's sake!
near tears i don't know, but she's in my bed!
there's a dead body in my bed!
that's just your brother.
no, there's a woman's dead body inside the bed, in the mattress.
get your ass up here and call the police, because there's a dead body in my bed and it smells like shit and it looks even worse, and if you don't help us, my dad is gonna lay you down right next to her, i swear to fucking god!
she's pulling the mattress back over the corpse again.
she's drunk all right.
as he walks away from the counter, he spots the children's parents driving up to the valet out front.
close on ted's face as the elevator car races up seven floors.
ted pushes the champagne out of sarah's hand, spilling it onto the floor.
it's your feet!
vomit spews out of ted's mouth.
into the phone police, it's an emergency!
pause hello, police, this is the mon signor hotel, get someone up here right fucking now, there's a dead whore stuffed under the mattress!
tears well in sarah's eyes as she looks at the body.
into the phone i'm dead fucking serious, there's a dead fucking whore stuffed in the bedsprings of the fucking bed!
sarah grabs the hypodermic needle from under the curtain and stabs it into ted's leg.
ted staggers and grabs hold of the dead woman's foot for support as he steps on the remote control, flipping the tv on to the nudie channel, just as...
he's looking mean.
man's pov: focused on the dead woman in the bedsprings.
we pan up the dead woman's leg to find ted holding her foot.
we pan down ted's leg to find the hypodermic needle jutting out... then pan over to the other hand holding the broken syringe plunger.
pan up to the dripping champagne bottle in sarah's hand, then over to the cigarette hanging out of juancho's mouth.
super: one minute after robert's story.
betty's apt--almost dawn
the wild new year's eve party is winding down.
party's over, she probably went home.
she's got curly red hair.
she's not japanese!
well, then get her on the phone, it's an emergency.
who -- who should i say's calling?
tell 'em teddy from work's on the phone, and it's a major fuckin' emergency.
has this not been the happiest of new year's?
this year's starting off pretty badly.
well, betty -- the chick whose house you're at, even though you don't know her -- leaves me here all by myself on new year's eve.
what's the problem?
okay, let's just skip over the witches.
like dirty harry's gun.
well, for one thing it's the difference between a .44 magnum and a magnum .357.
yelling to the room anybody live here named... to ted what's her name again?
yeah, i'm betty, it's my fuckin' place, who the fuck are you?
ted, what's the problem?
what's the problem?
well, most recently, there's room 716. there's a scary mexican gangster dude pokin' his finger in my chest.
there's his hooligan kids snapping their fingers at me.
there's the putrid rotting corpse of a dead whore stuffed in the springs of a bed.
there're rooms blazing afire... there's a needle from god knows where stuck in my leg, infecting me with god knows what, and finally, there's me walking out the fuckin' door right now!
ted's head turns toward it.
it's the guest board.
that's the chester rush party, they want something.
-- you say there's a dead body in a room?
no problem, this is a hotel, we've had dead bodies before, it's just the price of doing business.
no, it's out.
ted, he's a very important guest of this hotel.
there's been a bit of an effort to make himself appear a bit less disheveled than in the last scene.
he's only minorly successful in the attempt.
a woman opens the door, it's angela from alex's story.
at this moment in time, he's the king, and he has the swagger of a new king.
after only one movie, he's pulled the sword out of the stone.
and the look on his face says, "king's good."
he is completely oblivious to the rest of the room's activity.
in chester's hand is an ever present glass of champagne, which he constantly spills as he gestures wildly.
closing the door his name's theodore.
actually, it's not theodore, he throws a look at angela it's ted.
that's not what i was saying, but would you care for some champagne?
it's the best.
it's good.
it's fuckin' good.
let's try it again, shall we?
it's fuckin' good.
it's fuckin' cristal, everything else is piss.
ted knows he's being laughed at, but not why.
to ted pay no attention to norman here, ted, he's just fuckin' wit' ya, that's all.
that's from quadrophenia.
bellboy's fine.
there's a friendliness to "bellboy."
you should, it's one of jerry's better movies.
it's not right.
it's not right and it's not fair.
the name's ted, angela.
angela's like you, ted, a newfound friend.
well, it's somethin' to see.
what's up?
chester shakes ted's hand.
when he talks now it's slower and somewhat distracted.
it's quite all right, ted, nothing to feel sorry about.
that's why god invented video.
what's wrong, chester?
it's fuckin' flat, norman, that's what's wrong.
the champagne -- the fuckin' cristal's fuckin' flat.
but it's not the rapid-pace delivery chester has done so far.
it's more troubled and distracted.
leo is still in the doorway making sure his boy's cool.
that's before video and before foreign, and before pay-tv and before free tv.
and my new one, the dog catcher, it's projected to break a hundred.
he clinks ted's glass with his the dog catcher.
the tantrum's over, and chester's back to his fast-talking, good-natured self.
now let's stroll over here and see what goodies you brought us.
do you mind me asking what's all this stuff for?
i'm not a frog and you're not a bunny, so let's not jump ahead.
that's how many peter lorre asked for.
that's definitely a roll of twine.
that's for me.
that's a sharp motherfucker.
ted is completely confused and starting to get a little scared, but he does what he's told.
i got drunk on new year's eve, cut my fuckin' head off... noticing ted at the bar what's going on here?
ted doesn't know what anybody's talking about, which is just fine with him.
well, that's everything, so if you don't need me for anything else, i'll go back downstairs.
well, it's your business, ted.
first off, let me say that there's nothing homosexual about what we're going to ask you to do.
there's nothing sexual at all about what we want.
theodore's been here fifteen minutes and you've talked about everything but.
now if steve mcqueen can light his cigarette lighter ten times in a row, he wins peter lorre's new car.
pause norman's putting up his pinky against chester's mint convertible, 1964 red convertible chevy corvelle that he can light his zippo ten times in a row.
the headline reads: "hollywood's hottest new star next to america's hottest old car."
reading the magazine "hollywood's hottest new star, next to america's hottest old car."
that's a 1964 nigger-red, rag-top chevy corvelle.
"rockin' new year's eve."
and the fuckin' truth is, my lucky zippo's gonna win me chester's car.
now, ted, my old granddaddy used ta say: "the less a man makes declarative statements, the less he's apt to look foolish in retrospect."
so norman's protected.
if norman lights his lighter ten times in a row, he's gonna have no emotional problems about taking my car keys whatsoever.
but if i win, it's not inconceivable that leo or myself, at the last minute, might not be able to wield the ax.
and chester's willin' to pay for it.
it's chester who now plays "beat the clock."
he lays another hundred on the pile whether it's you who holds the ax, he lays another hundred on the pile or the desk clerk downstairs, he lays another hundred on the pile or some bum we yank off the street.
you know, ted, a person's life is made up of a zillion little experiences.
and some that stick with you for the rest of your natural life -- he lays another bill on the pile -- barring alzheimer's of course.
he lays down the last bill on the pile so, are you gonna remember for the next forty years, give or take a decade, how you refused a thousand dollars for one second's worth of work, or how you made a thousand dollars for one second's worth of work?
well, ted, what's it gonna be?
but when it's over, no matter what happens, i get the money?
let's do it right now, before i change my mind.
ted takes it, raises it up above norman's finger, in position.
ted, holding the cleaver, stares focused on norman's pinky.
without missing a beat, ted brings down the cleaver, slicing off norman's pinky.
it might've been a bad night, but it's been a profitable one.
everybody's screaming, yelling different things to one another.
norman has a bloody towel wrapped around his hand, he's screaming and crying.
leo's trying to direct everything.
everybody's in frantic activity, except for angela, who stands back, drinks her drink, and watches the show.
it's been fun.
almost floating ethereally, a mysterious blond bombshell, wearing diana's see-through negligee and slippers, armed with elspeth's sword slung over her shoulder, wanders toward her.
<meta file=quentin-tarantino_reservoir-dogs.txt>
uncle bob's pancake house - morning
no it's not.
it's about a girl who is very vulnerable and she's been fucked over a few times.
then she meets some guy who's really sensitive -
it's not about a nice girl who meets a sensitive boy.
now granted that's what "true blue" is about, no argument about that.
excuse me for not being the world's biggest madonna fan.
oh fuck, toby's that little china girl.
what's that?
i found this old address book in a jacket i ain't worn in a coon's age.
let me tell ya what "like a virgin"'s about.
it's about some cooze who's a regular fuck machine.
then one day she meets a john holmes motherfucker, and it's like, whoa baby.
this mother fucker's like charles bronson in "the great escape."
he's diggin' tunnels.
now she's gettin' this serious dick action, she's feelin' something she ain't felt since forever.
mr. white snatches the address book from joe's hand.
i got madonna's big dick outta my right ear, and toby jap i-don't-know-what, outta my left.
have you guys been listening to k- billy's super sounds of the seventies weekend?
yeah, it's fuckin' great isn't it?
"heartbeat-it's lovebeat," by little tony defranco and the defranco family.
sorry, it's my book now.
laughing i love this guy, he's a madman, this guy.
so let's get this straight.
but this tipping automatically, that shit's for the birds.
what's something special, take ya in the kitchen and suck your dick?
now we've been here a long fuckin' time, and she's only filled my cup three times.
what if she's too busy?
the words "too busy" shouldn't be in a waitress's vocabulary.
it's not just that he's a cheap bastard -
but it's also he couldn't get a waiter job.
it's the world's smallest violin, playing just for the waitresses.
so's working at mcdonald's, but you don't feel the need to tip them.
that's bullshit.
they work harder than the kids at mcdonald's.
it's the one job basically any woman can get, and make a living on.
that's fucked up.
he's convinced me.
joe's comes back to the table.
okay ramblers, let's get to rambling.
just throw in your dollar, and let's move.
mr. white's waist is in the f.g. as he buttons his coat, for a second we see he's carrying a gun.
they exit uncle bob's pancake house, talking amongst themselves.
uncle bob's pancake house - day
he's been shot in the stomach.
he's behind the wheel of the getaway car.
he's easily doing 80 mph, dodging in and out of traffic.
though he's driving for his life, he keeps talking to his wounded passenger in the backseat.
i'm taking you back to the rendezvous, joe's gonna get you a doctor, the doctor's gonna fix you up, and you're gonna be okay.
he's still holding his hand.
it's not good...
oh that's just fucking great!
where's brown?
in fact, that's all i'm thinking about.
for all we know, there's cops, driving fast, on their way here now.
let's go in the other room...
if he's not lyin' to me, and it really is thai stick, then whoa baby.
but it's never thai stick.
what's done is done, i need you cool.
okay, let's go through what happened.
we're in the place, everything's going fine.
that's not correct.
what's wrong with it?
that's how i know we were set up.
we hear the song she's listening to loud over the soundtrack.
she's twirling and skating backwards to the beat of the song.
a shocked woman is the car's driver.
mr. pink tries to open the driver's side door, but it's locked.
extreme closeup - driver's side window
it's no use.
that's the way i look at it.
that motherfucker's unstable.
do you think he panicked, or ya think he's just trigger-happy?
i think he's a sick fuckin' maniac!
it's human nature.
you don't think it's possible, one of them got a hold of the diamonds and pulled a -
so who's the rat this time?
it's joe's show, he set this whole thing up.
for all we know, he's the rat.
somebody's a fuckin' rat.
i gotta take a squirt, where's the commode in this dungeon?
how's alabama?
what's she doin' now?
bustin' in and bustin' out of a diamond wholesaler's.
he's doin' twenty years in susanville.
what's the exposure like?
it's a tough two minutes.
it's daylight, during business hours, dealing with a crowd.
on a certain day this wholesaler's gettin' a big shipment of polished stones from israel.
what's the cut, poppa?
we follow behind him up to mr. white, who's standing over mr. orange.
i think he's just passed out.
well, first things first, staying here's goofy.
we got a guy who's shot in the belly, he can't walk, he bleeds like a stuck pig, and when he's awake, he screams in pain.
during mr. pink's dialog, we slowly zoom in to a closeup of mr. white.
he's supposed to be here, but he ain't, which is making me nervous about being here.
even if joe is on the up and up, he's probably not gonna be that happy with us.
joe planned a robbery, but he's got a blood bath on his hands now.
i tend to doubt he's gonna have a lot of sympathy for our plight.
now i don't like turning him over to the cops, but if we don't, he's dead.
since he don't know nothin' about us, i say it's his decision.
mr. white's pov:
mr. pink looks at mr. white like he's retarded.
he's a fuckin' bloody mess - he's screaming.
i'm tryin' to comfort him, telling him not to worry, he's gonna be okay, i'm gonna take care of him.
what the fuck was i supposed to tell him, "sorry, i can't give out that information, it's against the rules.
well that's that, then.
that's it right, you didn't tell him anything else that could narrow down the selection?
mr. white's pov pans over to him.
mr. white's pov charges toward mr. pink.
and you, you motherfucker, are looking at me like it's my fault.
somebody's gonna start crying.
where's mr. blue?
he's still alive, but won't be for long.
nobody's going anywhere.
it's your fuckin' fault we're in so much trouble.
referring to mr. white what's this guy's problem?
what's my problem?
he's too fuckin' homicidal to be workin' with the cops.
somebody's stickin' a red hot poker up our asses and we gotta find out whose hand's on the handle.
so let's figure out who's the bad guy.
i don't know about the rest of you fellas, but my heart's beatin' fast.
it's a surprise.
what makes you think nice guy's anywhere but on a plane half way to costa rica?
he's on his way down here, and nobody's going anywhere till be gets here.
since we got to wait for nice guy eddie anyway, let's talk to our boy in blue here and see if he knows anything about this rat business.
joe cabot's office - day
joe's on the phone, sitting behind his desk.
when you have bad months, you do what every business man in the worlds does, i don't care if he's donald trump or irving the tailor.
there's a knock on cabot's office door.
one of cabot's goons, teddy, opens the door and steps inside.
vic vega's outside.
into phone sid, a friend of mine's here.
how's freedom kid, pretty fuckin' good, ain't it?
it's a change.
vic sits in a chair set in front of joe's desk.
while he pours the drink who's your parole officer?
fuckin' jungle bunny goes out there, slits some old woman's throat for twenty- five cents.
it's the least i could do vic.
there's a knock at the door.
the door opens and in walks joe's son, nice guy eddie.
this whole week's just been crazy.
that's what your father and i been talkin' about.
that your head's been up your ass.
finally somebody who knows what the fuck he's doing.
he's ruining me!
my son, i love him, but he's taking my business and flushing it down the fuckin' toilet! "
but when vic asked me how's business, well, you don't lie to a man who's just done four years in the slammer for ya.
the two friends, laughing and cussing at each other, wrestle on the floor of joe's office.
joe's on his feet yelling at them.
playtime's over!
you wanna roll around on the floor, do it in eddie's office, not mine!
you tried to fuck me in my father's office, you sick bastard.
i might break you, nice guy, but i'd make you my dog's bitch.
it's all that black semen been shootin' up his butt.
it's backed up into his brain and comes out of his mouth.
so they both take seats in front of joe's desk.
now vic was tellin' me, he's got a parole problem.
who's your p.o.
oh shit, i hear he's a motherfucker.
i call up matthews, the foreman, tell him he's got a new guy.
you got a timecard, it's clocked in and out for you everyday, and you get a pay check at the end of the week.
i'll introduce you to matthews, tell him what's going on.
that's great, guy, thanks a bunch.
well, it's kinda a strange time right now.
he's been gone for four years.
he ain't on no one's list.
nice guy eddie's car moving - day
he's fuckin' driving around with the cop in his trunk.
who's dead, who's alive, who's caught, who's not... i will know, i'm practically there.
pause you sure that's what he said?
pause okay, that's what i'll tell em.
you askin' what's goin' on?
holy shit, this guy's all fucked up!
no shit, he's gonna fuckin' die on us if we don't get him taken care of.
where's joseph?
dov said he's comin' out here, and he's fucking pissed.
no, where's mr. brown and mr. blue?
brown's dead, we don't know about blue.
well, he's either dead or he's alive or the cops got him or they don't.
okay, first things fucking last, where's the shit?
well, let's go get it.
it looks like sam's hot car lot outside.
because this guy's a fucking psycho.
and if you think joe's pissed at us, that ain't nothing compared to how pissed off i am at him, for puttin' me in the same room as this bastard.
he's the reason the place turned into a shooting gallery.
that's your excuse for going on a kill crazy rampage?
not after he's seen everybody.
white and pink come with me, 'cuz if joe gets here and sees all those fucking cars parked out front, he's going to be as mad at me as he is at you.
closeup - cop's face
he slaps the cop's face.
there's nothing you can say, i've heard it all before.
there's nothing you can do.
he puts a piece of tape over the cop's mouth.
cop's pov
let's see what's on k-billy's "super sounds of the seventies" weekend.
stealer's wheel's hit "stuck in the middle with you" plays over the speaker.
mr. blonde just stares into the cop's / our face, holding the razor, singing along with the song.
mr. blonde just stares into the cop's / our face, singing along with the seventies hit.
then he reaches out and cuts off the cop's / our ear.
mr. blonde pours the gasoline all over the cop, who's begging him not to do this.
mr. blonde just sings along with stealer's wheel.
...when a bullet explodes in mr. blonde's chest.
when he reaches the cop's feet he looks up at him.
feebly what's your name?
your name's freddy something.
the gun-shot mr. orange looks at the kid's gashed face and the hole in the side of his head where his ear used to be.
there's officers positioned and waiting to move in a block away.
you heard 'em, they said he's on his way.
denny's - night
he's waiting for somebody.
as he waits, he practically empties an entire bottle of ketchup on his french fries, not by mistake either - that's just how he likes it.
say "hello" to a motherfucker who's inside.
cabot's doing a job and take a big fat guess who he wants on the team?
low angle looking up at freddy, who's standing at the table.
denny's - night
freddy's doing a lot of talking, but we can't hear what they're saying.
denny's - night
well after waiting three goddamn days by the fuckin' phone, he calls me last night and says joe's ready, and he'll pick me up in fifteen minutes.
it's a phony name.
my name's mr. orange.
he ain't one of cabot's soldiers either.
he's gotta be from outta town.
well, if this crook's a brewers fan, his ass has gotta be from wisconsin.
and i'll bet you everything from a diddle-eyed joe to a damned-if-i- know, that in milwaukee they got a sheet on this mr. white motherfucker's ass.
holdaway's talked enough, he's eating his burger now.
men's room - l.a. train station - night
what's this?
it's a scene.
it's a amusing anecdote about a drug deal.
it's like a joke.
you remember what's important, and the rest you make your own.
it's the details that sell your story.
now this story takes place in this men's room.
so you gotta know the details about this men's room.
and if you tell your story to somebody who's actually taken a piss in this men's room, and you get one detail they remember right, they'll swear by you.
freddy's apartment - day
he's reading it pretty good, but he's still reading it from the page, and every once in a while he stumbles over his words.
i'm comin' through for everybody, and nobody's comin' through for me.
"hey, freddy, when's the next time you're gettin' some?"
and then these rinky-dink pot heads come by - there's my friends and everything, but still.
"hey, if you guys can't control your smokin, that's not my problem.
and she's trying to talk me into not quitin'.
...her brother usually goes with her, but he's in county unexpectedly.
men's room - train station - day
once he's inside, he stops in his tracks.
...so i walk into the men's room, and who's standing there?
they were just a bunch of cops hangin' out in the men's room, talkin'.
that's hard, man.
that's a fuckin' hard situation.
back to men's room
he's barkin' at me.
i mean it's obvious he's barkin' at me.
we do a slow 360 around freddy in the men's room.
sheriff #2 so my gun's drawn, right?
and the little idiot's lookin' at me, nodding his head "yes," sayin' "i know... i know... i know."
and he's still lookin' right at me, saying "i know... i know... i know."
and his right hand's still going for the glove box.
and the guy's girlfriend, a real sexy oriental bitch, starts screamin' at him, "chuck, are you out of your mind?
he goes to dry them, but there's only those hand drying machines.
closeup - freddy's hands
laughing that's how you do it, kid.
he's a cool guy.
denny's - night
freddy's apartment - day
through phone it's time.
nice guy eddie's car parked - day
freddy's apartment - day
freddy's hand comes into frame, grabs the knob, then lets go.
freddy's apartment - day
from inside an unmarked car across the street, the two cops watching freddy see him walk out of his building and up to eddie's parked car.
nice guy eddie's car moving - day
sarcastically there's a slight difference.
in one of daddy's clubs there was this black cocktail waitress named elois.
in a stuck up black female voice "hi, i'm from ladora heights, it's the black beverly hills."
it's not the black beverly hills, it's the black palos verdes.
i bet every guy who's ever met her has jacked off to her at least once.
what the fuck was that chick's name?
so i asked him "hey, carlos, where's lady e tonight?"
so while the guy's inebriated, she strips him naked.
camera tracks across men's faces.
it's your fault, my fault, his fault.
when this caper's over, and i'm sure it's gonna be a successful one, hell, we'll go down to the hawaiian island and i'll roar and laugh with all of you.
right now it's a matter of business.
that includes where you're from, your wife's name, where you might've done time, about a bank in st. petersburg you might've robbed.
and that's the way i like it.
you know my name, you know eddie's name.
but he's ok. if he wasn't ok, he wouldn't be here.
you get four guys fighting over who's gonna be mr. black.
that's too close to mr. shit.
you're not mr. purple, somebody from another job's mr. purple.
oh that's really easy for you to say, you're mr. white.
nobody's trading with anybody!
so what's it gonna be, mr. pink?
i'm mr. pink, let's move on.
let's go to work.
karina's fine jewelry - day
let's go over it.
he's parked across the street till i give him the signal, then he pulls up in front of the store.
mr. white's car parked - day
if you get a customer or an employee who thinks he's charles bronson, take the butt of your gun and smash their nose in.
now if it's a manager, that's a different story.
so if one's givin' you static, he probably thinks he's a real cowboy.
then you tell 'im his thumb's next.
i'm hungry, let's get a taco.
it's the moment of the robbery.
freddy opens the driver's side door.
you're not blind, there's just blood in your eyes.
firing both .45's, mr. white massacres everyone in the patrol car.
freddy, holding the dying mr. brown, looks on at mr. white's ambush in shock.
the bitch's got a gun!
as he falls to the ground he realizes what's happened to him and what he's done.
the cop slumped over in his chair, a bloody mess, mr. orange lying at the cop's feet, holding his wound.
he slashed the cop's face, cut off his ear and was gonna burn him alive.
to eddie uhuh, uhuh, what's i tell ya?
mr. pink walks over to the cop's body.
he's right about the ear, it's hacked off.
that's your story?
eddie, you can believe me or not believe me, but it's the truth.
i swear on my mother's eternal soul that's what happened.
there's a long pause while he rolls over what mr. orange has said.
all he had to do was say my dad's name.
so, mr. orange, you're tellin' me this very good friend of mine, who did four years for my father, who in four years never made a deal, no matter what they dangled in front of him, you're telling me that now, that now this man is free, and we're making good on our commitment to him, he's just gonna decide, right out of the fuckin' blue, to rip us off?
daddy, i'm sorry, i don't know what's happening.
that's okay, eddie, i do.
mr. orange's pov
he's a good kid.
mr. blue's dead?
screaming that's your proof?
mr. white pointing at joe, looking like he's ready to start firing any minute.
joe's eyes go back to mr. orange.
joe's dead.
he lifts mr. orange's head, cradling it in his lap and stroking his brow.
mr. white doesn't say anything, he keeps stroking orange's brow.
mr. white lifts his .45 and places the barrel between mr. orange's eyes.
<meta file=quentin-tarantino_natural-born-killers.txt>
mabel, a waitress, comes over and fills mickey's coffee cup.
well, the key lime is great, but it's an acquired taste.
let's give key lime a day in court.
camera pulls back and we see for the first time mallory knox, mickey's wife, sitting on a counter stool next to him.
mabel annoyed my name's not rosey.
points at name tag it's mabel.
that's for jerry's kids, not rock 'n roll.
she's really cooking and smoking.
steam rises from beneath the pickup's hood.
that's a bitch outta hell, son.
sonny stands in front of mallory, trying to copy what she's doing.
otis to mickey that's some sweet piece of meat, ain't it?
her name's mallory.
hey, i think she's sweet on you.
a new song automatically drops on -- patti smith's "rock 'n roll nigger" or l7's "shitlist" pumping the room to a new peak of murder and insanity.
mallory grabs the back of sonny's head and smashes it down on the table, cracking the linoleum.
otis jumps off the counter stool, but mickey's hand clutches hold of his shoulder.
just because my woman's mopping up the floor with your buddy is no reason for you to join in.
bullet's pov:  heading fast toward short-order cook's face.
mickey spots earl, who's standing outside the plate glass window.
earl's watched the whole shebang.
she's sitting on top of sonny, slamming his head repeatedly on the floor.
he's dead, she's still singing.
she gets off sonny and moves to mickey's side.
mickey trains his .45 on pinball cowboy, who's shaking in his cowboy boots.
mickey aims at mabel, who's clutching the coffee pot, crying.
mabel's dodging around screaming.
mickey fires the .45.  the bullet chinks through the coffee pot mabel's holding and explodes, thunking her in the chest.
the song track acquires a second and possibly third song, all clashing on the track at the same time possibly older fare like duane eddy's "rebel rouser" or shangri-la's "leader of the pack" with some "madame butterfly" thrown in.
the titles splash over this with big rock hudson/"giant" '50's-style block lettering.
in the foreground possibly grainy, black-and-white 16 mm, "breathless" style cinema verite, mickey drives a 70's type american muscle car fast suggestions:  a plymouth cuda, dodge challenger, coup de ville cadillac.
the car feels like it's taking flight.
looks like the world's comin' to an end, mall.
i feel their feathered wings ... i see you ridin' a red horse, drivin' the horses, whippin' 'em -- they're spittin', frothin' all over the mouth -- comin' right at us...i see the future...and there's no death mickey...cause you and i are angels.
that's goddamn poetry...damn i love you mall.
she's singing "ain't nobody's business" by billy holiday.
the tv's on to "thelma and louise" blasting it out with the cops.
nah, let's stay in, he looks off to the corner we got plenty action here.
she's like a cat, purring, nestling for his warmth.
what she never felt in her father's house -- a warmth.
i tell ya out there in hollywood somebody's a taco short of a combo plate.
there, bigger than life, is mallory's wedding ring.
it could be the tv he's looking at; we're not sure.
a young girl is tied up, her mouth taped shut, her eyes bugging out of their sockets, she's so scared.
it's a hot night.
a little outside town, mallory's pulled into an all-night gas station.
the radio in the car is on to something like "ted just admit it" from jane's addiction.
a young gas attendant slides out from under a corvette he's working on in the garage.
there's something so needy, so desperate in mallory's child-like eyes.
it's him in front of her.
peering at mallory's underwear, jack scagnetti expresses reverence, moving his attention to the hood of the corvette, dusted with crime powder.
he's a cop, one of the best.
jesus, a perfect ass... you can even see the crack... that's the back ... arm...her head...fuckin' dry saliva drops still on the fender.
he looks in the attendant's mouth, pulling out a small pocket knife.
using the tweezers, he removes a pubic hair from the dead man's mouth.
cu of a rear view mirror -- mallory's eyes looking.
this fuckin' guy's got me worn down to a bare fuckin' nub.
mickey's car - day
mickey relieved that's right cochise, go eat some more fried bread...gimme some more mushrooms.
the radio's been playing something zonal like "alive" by pearl jam or "dizz knee land" by dada.
mallory sings it "guess it's farther than i thought."
sure mall, take it easy...it's me, your lover, not some demon.
he senses she's really pissed.
rejoice...for he hath found his sheep which were lost in the desert pointing hey, chief, we ran outta gas...our car's up the road apiece.
it's dim inside but cozy.
it's very quiet.
thank you pointing to herself  i'm mall-o - ry...that's mi...ckey.
indian in navajo to the boy good looking woman...uh...man's got things in his head he can't get out...demons.
it's very quiet.
mickey's nightmare is getting heavier.
he's moaning and sweating.
as we hear the mounting sounds of the prayer, we see mickey's face dreaming, sweating.
we push into mickey's eyes.
mickey with the gun in hand runs to the indian's pickup truck, jumps in.
i don't know what's real anymore.
there's no demon -- just us.
the car's this way.
it's over mickey!
she's bit!
a huge rattler sinks its fangs into mickey's leg.
he keeps moving, spitting the torch into the snake's face.
she's awkward, a little nervous but she's down to her undergarments, looking at the clippings of "mickey and mallory" spread over the table and dresser, pictures of crime scenes and his book -- "scagnetti on scagnetti."
pinky worried ...my name's pinky... no answer say are you a real cop?
not sure what he wants, pinky steps barefoot up onto the bed, standing over him, a foot on either side of his torso...she's slowly bending, spreading, arching like a young woman remembering childhood ballet dreams, her eyes closed...
the hooker's separated body vanishes in plastic bags in a large dumpster.
when's this over?
each step we're together...oh god...it's perfect.
goddamn mall, that's poetry.
he's behind a hi-strength glass and raised up a couple of steps.
to some it's a beautiful stretch of the american landscape, but to mickey and mallory knox, who are still at large, it is literally a candy lane of murder and mayhem...
the moments are expanding in the pharmacist's eyes as -- not yet, but almost -- thoughts begin to cross over into neighboring compartments.
mallory's taking a bite out of it.
possibly a photo in santa's lap.
a photo of mallory's parents -- mom and pop.
mr. and mrs. ed wilson -- who are -- or rather "were" -- mallory's mom and dad!
the pharmacist's terrified eyes carry from the television to mickey trying to get his attention out the booth.
hey you... 'scuse me?
my lady friend and i are pretty sick...i think we're dyin', but you never can tell these things... so how's 'bout ungluing your fat ass from the boob tube and getting us some snakebite juice, okay?
in a daze of his own, he complies with mickey's request, meandering to the medicine shelves.
this scene is shot through the store's black and white surveillance camera high angle corner.
whhhaaaat's th...thhhaaaat?
if i don't kill you, there's nothing to talk about, is there?
flying pov camera -- ripping down the aisle, mickey's pov -- there's a honk from outside.
the look on mickey's face.
he's gotta stay.
he's gotta go down with her.
she's secured!
their pov -- mickey's two guns come skittering out from behind the aisle.
he's mine!
the two other cops pull out their taser guns and fire lots of volts into mickey's torso.
it's an extraordinary sight!
mallory sings, ignoring him "these boots are made for walkin that's just what they're gonna do one of these days these boots are gonna walk over you"
but i tell ya scagnetti, in all my years in the penal business -- and i tell ya that's no small number    mickey and mallory knox are without doubt the most twisted, depraved group of shitfucks it's ever been my displeasure to lay my eyes on.
mickey's better half -- miss mallory strangled his ass when he made the dumbass mistake of askin' her what her parents done to her -- and she done it all shot up on tranquillizers!
i haven't met one motherfucker here who's shown me shit!
suddenly mallory's father's head is shoved into the tank.
mallory's parents' bedroom - night
mallory's mother mouth is stuffed with a sock, held down.
it's like that other lie -- "love makes the world go round."
he's been stabbed over and over.
ever since i've had a strong opinion about the psychopathic fringe that thrives today in america's fast food culture.
that's my observation as well.
but it's all bullshit.
it's pride!
what's this really about?
he's not eating.
he's not chewing.
he's not blinking.
the man he's looking at is nervous, jacked up on speed.
the black guy goes for him --lunging across the table with a fork aimed at the jacked up guy's throat.
the black inmate's face shows the agony he is feeling.
feints for scagnetti's throat with a flat palm ...a chop that paralyzes...you know i got an office i'm gonna show ya jack, it's so good i don't wanna go home at night.
she puts the fuckin' waitresses at sambo's shame.
pauses, holds scagnetti's eye cause of you, jack... indicates the prisoners mickey and mallory did this to 'em.
this ain't a prison anymore jack -- it's a timebomb.
i'm even talkin' hellholes where the warden's hard as a bar of iron.
woman's cell block - day
what's his name?
that's why we're shipping 'em for testing to nystrom with you.
you're a livin' breathing icon of justice and that's why you were chosen to deliver mr. and mrs. knox.
jack "supercop" scagnetti would be there to look out for his public's best interests.
hold on scagnetti as he walks up to mallory's glassed cell -- very white, very medical.
mallory's pov:  we stare at mcclusky and scagnetti for a second.
mallory's pov flings up, looking at the ceiling, then falls backward.
cause he's got a special visitor.
who's that?
a worm in my blood stool's got more attraction to me.
during this, wayne's expression tightens as he hears the approaching slam of doors and the clanking of chains and now the sound of "his" footsteps:
he is seated roughly on the prisoner's side of the glass.
mickey waits -- what's wrong with this guy?
yeah, it's pretty hard to beat the king.
wayne indicating julie julie, my producer...and i... julie nods; she's mute ...we've been waiting to do a follow-up episode on you for a long time.
and that time has definitely come encouraged, julie makes a strange, grunting sound of approval i feel it's apparent to anyone who's hip to what's going on that the prison board has thrown the constitution straight out the fuckin' window.
that's my angle.
the first sit down, in- depth interview with the most charismatic serial killer ever, one day before he's being shipped to a mental hospital for the rest of his life.
every sonofabitch out there witha tv's gonna be looking at you mickey, listening to your words.
now you're not supposed to know anything about what's going on with her, but since you two been sentenced, mallory hasn't spoken one word.
"he's a rebel" "leader of the pack," that dusty springfield tear-jerker, "i only want to be with you."
her behavior's the main thing the doctors used against you.
and no one's gonna give a flying fuck about two dead losers.
and ted danson's busy.
maybe you know jack scagnetti -- he's gonna be helping us with the transfer.
america's favorite cop.
... jack's sort of our avenging angel you might say.
it's bound to stir 'em up.
it's gotta be done my way.
mallory's cell - day
we can hear mallory's laugh -- a distant haunting echo.
mallory's cell - day
your bare feet up on the dash, singing along with the radio, "he's a rebel,"  "ring of fire," "groove me,"...and your dancing, my god, your dancing.
mallory's parents' living room - night
it is shot in three camera sitcom format -- possibly black and white, harkening back to an earlier era in mickey's mind.
mallory gets a big handful of audience applause as she comes down the stairs, dressed to the nines, punky, sexy, ready to trot -- yet a sweet girl's expression, maybe with braces.
she's evidently not going anywhere tonight in his mind.
she's scared.
mom just shakes her head at dad's shenanigans and keeps setting the table.
at the base of the stairs, dad feels around mallory's ass.
if it's in my house, it's my ass.
make sure it's a good shower.
how's she gonna fix a lawnmower?
that's probably donna.
but when mom opens the door, it's mickey who steps in, dressed as a meatman with a big box of beef, blood all over his apron.
it's beef lady.
well...maybe something's inside you told you to get ready...ever think about that?...fate.
you thought you were in mallory's room.
that's why we have kevin.
mallory, 2 years older, the braces gone, is visiting her love, mickey, who's taking on convict mannerisms -- early stages that are refined into the later, more famous mickey.
he's doing 2 years for car theft.
he's insane...he knows you're getting out next month.
he got a doctor to say you raped me and he's gonna bring more charges.
when's this supposed to happen?
it's cool.
on mickey's face as she exits.
mallory's bedroom - night
knows it's him.
hey jack, mickey's back.
tipping the scale, mallory jumps on her dad's back -- liberated at last -- kicking him, tearing his eyes out!
dad's dazed.
where's the old bag?
mother's bedroom - night
mickey and mallory exit the room on the run, freezing as mallory's little brother, kevin, stares at them in his nightshirt from the hallway.
mall, it's time to grow up, we got the road to hell in front of us...will you marry me?
he takes mall's right hand and slits it.
oh, it's not what i had in mind.
mickey pulls out the two wedding rings he's been saving.
it's junkfood for the brains.
it's filler, fodder -- just build for the interview.
anticipation, david -- that's all it's about, the next bite of chocolate, the next car, the next vacation, the next life, next -- that's all.
black & white photo of alfie's donut shop.
cuts off, to julie my life's falling apart.
it's coming to an end.
courtroom steps mickey's trial - day
in a large crowd gathered outside mickey's and mallory's trial, wayne interview three long haired guys, cinema verite style, jumpcutting their response time.
yeah it's a tragedy but...if i was a mass murderer, i'd be mickey and mallory.
a boy and a girl, dressed like the knox's.
two japanese teens dressed like the knox's speak in japanese which is translated in english.
two french teens, also dressed like the knox's, speak in english.
mickey and mallory have a love that's l.a.m.f.
...mickey and mallory's operatic devotion to each other.
to the country's youth, 75 percent of whom are coming from broken homes, they have an us-against-the world posture which youth loves.
we got 'em in their houses, angry, the game's just sucked it always does, and they wanna see this guy mickey.
who cares, it's a book for chrisakes, who the fuck reads a book.
keep the teens, the long hairs, love the cop at the donut shop, love the warden, he's so dumb mcclusky, he still thinks he's the good guy.
cut in right when he's on that horrific fuckin' laugh.
he's such an idiot.
and i mean black and white, where the black's black and the white's white.
gold's gym - day
wayne's standing in a gym.
the mind's edge.
it's like this, wayne.
but you see, that's okay, wayne.
that's the mickey and mallory way.
and that's the way of the world.
flashback -- micky's look of genuine admiration as he stops the sawing.
music pumps in possible l7's "shitlist" or pearl jam's "alive"
wayne softly ...look honey, i don't know what you think you found...but it isn't what you think it is...there is no mai ly -- that's a restaurant!
put jimmy on... pause, his son comes on ...hi jimmy, it's your pop!
file footage mickey's trial: -- grainy large crowd circling the courthouse, a very mixed bag.
the very first thing that was strange was the decision of mickey's to act as his own counsel.
what was unexpected was how spectacular mickey's performance would be.
judge's den - day
wanda bisbing's office - day
however, this opinion is not shared by the state's prosecutor on the case, wanda bisbing.
oh that's rich.
considering that mickey knox turned his court into a mockery and personally made him look like a fool, i'd say that's very benevolent of judge steinsma.
what?...she's not onto it, no.
just don't put anything on paper -- ever...i gotta see you...tonight!...i got the watch, it's the ebell...don't worry -- it's got 3 carots...all right 10 o'clock!
in smaller bolder face under it: "one teen escapes killer's clutches."
it's seventeen-vear old grace mulberry.
courthouse - mickey's trial - day
how does it feel to be the only survivor of mickey and mallory's reign of terror?
what's your favorite pastime?
what's your favorite show?
now there's a big bad bitch not good for herself or nobody else.
then it came time for mickey knox's cross-examination.
courtroom mickey's trial - day
close on grace's eyes as they look downward.
that's one helluva story, miss mulberry.
grace's home - night
ecu of grace's eyes as her head is yanked back into frame.
mallory's got the knife to her neck.
and what was the color of tim's belt?
because it was bruce lee's fighting style.
close on the court clerk's hands typing.
point of fact, weren't tim's hands and feet considered weapons like guns or knives?
grace's eyes on -- a cu of mickey's hand holding the pencil.
grace's home - night
grace's home - night
mickey, with arms raised over his head, pantomimes throwing tim's body.
grace's home - night
we stop at mickey's buck knife.
mickey's hand comes into frame and picks up the knife.
well do you believe you have any choice when it's time for you to die?
it's her time!
grace tearfully looks up and meets mickey's demonic glare as he plunges his pencil deep into her chest.
grace's eyes go wide as mickey's vicious attack continues.
cu pencil puncturing grace's blood-soaked chest.
side angle as grace's head falls back into a cu.
cu of mickey's torso as the deputies wrestle him away from grace.
cu of grace's hand dropping into frame, and as her fist opens, her brother's high school ring falls out in slow motion.
camera follows mickey's bloody pencil stub falling from his hand.
mickey's pov of a large deputy stepping in front of him with a riot club.
mickey's cell - day
mickey's pacing back and forth in his cell, talking to himself in the mirrors, over the washbasin.
then little red riding hood whips out her .357, sticks it in the big bad wolf's face and says, 'no, you're not.
...and the polish guy says, 'that's nothing.
mickey's pretending he's calming down a hysterical audience.
we're gonna move the scumbags tomorrow morning -- a little ahead of schedule, that's all.
oswald might've been a pussy but he was a great shot listens...yeah, it's...
then maybe take him to the window, rog... pretending the cameraman is mickey so, mickey, 'if you were let outta jail today, what's the first thing you'd do?'
the air in here's...y'know, a little phoney for my taste.
if you're thinking about all this... indicating the bustle of the room you're not going to relax, we'll be talking at each other instead of "to" each other... pauses, dwight waits; wayne switches gears which brings me to ... what i wanted to talk to you about...i have to get mickey knox to relax-- to share what he's never shared before.
just me, the cameraman, the soundman, that's it.
dwight, i assure you i am very familiar with mickey's career.
grenada, panama; i was dodging 'scuds in baghdad, dwight.
believe me when i tell you, it's in mickey knox's best interest to play this game according to hoyle.
four guys, but that's it.
straight from batongaville penitentiary -- on the eve of mickey knox's lobotomy.
mickey's face -- in a chair, real calm, no handcuffs, a pleasant smile.
mickey tv smiles let's roll the fuckin' bleep dice, wayne.
it's made to look like a one on one but we now see mcclusky's deputies, among them wurlitzer and kavanaugh, are quite close, just out of camera range.
wayne's excited, mickey's rolling right out the gate.
no one is born evil mickey, it's something you learn...let's talk about your father?
mickey's mood immediately changes, darkens.
ok ok mickey, let's go on to something else.
the bible's full of killings.
wayne's eyes scooting everywhere, motioning to mcclusky to get his men out of the background when mickey's on camera.
god created me...if what i did was so bad why didn't he stop me...why didn't he protect me when i was a kid...he's doing it, not me.
who's innocent wayne?...it's just murder man.
everyone does it, all god's creatures ...in one form or another...i know a lotta people deserve to die... a look at mcclusky who is impervious
i think there's a lotta people walkin' round right now who are aiready dead and need to be put outta their misery.
the theory that the jews wanted to be victims walking into the gas chambers at auschwitz; that even genocide at some level's agreed upon...?
the wolf don't know why he's a wolf, and a deer don't know why he's a deer...god just made it that way...
when a mountain lion takes down an elk, it's because it's the elk's time to go, and all the b.s.
wayne's puzzled.
it's supposed to look like me and mickey alone!
mickey meanwhile deep into it ...there was a fight in my dream, see...it's the same dream i've had since i was a kid...it's hard to move...like i'm made of lead...i taste metal in my mouth...then...the demon comes after me.
everyone's got the demon.
it feeds on their hate, it cuts, rapes, kills...it's the alien man, it uses your weakness, your fear...only the vicious survive.
wayne skeptical so that's why you're reading the bible, you're looking for help?
that's why i know mallory is my salvation.
it's like being in the garden of eden...
the silence is vast...as scagnetti's feet go past, drawn inexorably to her cell.
doors open -- scagnetti's pov marching in.
scagnetti approaching her that's all right fellows, we want to have a little talk is all...
now i met some women were really crocodiles in my time but this little lady--i think she's gotta sweet streak for me.
and if i ever met a girl who needs a friend, it's you.
scagnetti takes the cigarette from his mouth, puts it between mallory's lips.
that's it, isn't it?
mickey's got a big donkey dick.
scagnetti changes to mallory's other ear.
he's playing with a cobra here, and he knows it.
cause when they get through with all that electroshock shit they got lined up for you two, mick's dick ain't gonna be worth shit.
cu of mallory's bare foot rising off the floor in slow motion
cu at floor level of mallory's foot coming down on top of the cigarette, then grinding it out -- slow motion.
she's my wife, she's pretty, she's got brown hair, two eyes, two feet...
points to his head what's up there?
points to his heart what's in here?
that's indescribable.
that's only part of it.
but it's only the chorus, it's not the whole song.
wayne passionately please explain to me, mickey, where's the "purity" that you couldn't live without in 48 people who are no longer on this planet because they met you and mallory?
what's so fucking bleep pure about that?
wayne with mike wallace intensity awright, mickey...now let's cut the bs, let's get real.
that's when i knew my one true calling in life.
and what's that mickey?
i got to see what the hell's going on down there before i can let you film anywhere, it all started cause of your goddamn peckerhead show in the first place!
it's history!
mcclusky to kavanaugh and his men this asshole's still tryin' to tell me what i'm gonna do in my jail.
this nanderfuck don't know what he's dealing with here, but we do.
so keep your shotguns on, your fingers on the triggers, and be ready to fire at a moment's notice!
let's go!
everyone's nervous, locked in, hearing the noise.
mickey, as little johnny, draws a square in the air, and acts like he's driving.
mickey, as little johnny, acts like he's kissing.
mickey, as little johnny, acts like he's undressing.
homolka's shells hit the floor.
wayne in the corner, cowering, thinks mickey's gonna kill him.
uh...uh...where's scotty?
he's dead.
mickey grabs the burly kavanaugh, who's on his knees, by the collar.
on your belly, kavanaugh, the fun's just beginning.
mickey snaps the trigger finger on kavanaugh's right hand.
mickey snaps the trigger finger on kavanaugh's left hand.
it's a 40 calibre glock semi-automatic.
quick as a wink, wayne goes for mickey's wrist -- tries to put him into an aikido sweep-down move -- accompanied by a fierce shout.
mickey brandishes wayne's gun.
mallory's cell - day
she's a natural born dancer.
he's not thinking straight.
he's lost it.
he's moving his lips closer to hers.
mallory's standing, her foot pressed against the middle of scagnetti's back, pulling his arms behind him trying to break his back.
his body is bending like a branch, and he's screaming.
that's a big ten-four, capt'n.
it's that or death, bergman!
it's hard to say capt'n.
that's my opinion.
i was too soft, wurly...when i get my prison back, there's gonna be hell to pay!
there's gonna be hell to pay!
video footage of wayne caught in mickey's hostage train ~- is all handheld and harshly lit.
wayne's crouched, moving backwards, trying to reassert control over the situation as well as his own terror.
the camera swings wildly on roger's shoulder to catch mickey edging up to the exterior of mallory's cell -- about to break in.
convicts screaming continue to run by camera without direction occasionally flitting to a stop to stare or to make a face in the camera, chased off by mickey's gun.
mallory's cell - day
he's a hand grenade with the pin pulled as he walks over to her.
he grabs a can of mace from guard 2's belt and brings it up to mallory's face, as she's propped up by the guards.
cu of scagnetti's bloody face smiling.
cu on scagnetti's face
cu on mickey's face
cu on scagnetti's finger putting pressure on the trigger, then camera moves up to a cu profile of his face.
dolly in on scagnetti's gun in fg, past the gun, to his face cu of barrel of shotgun.
dolly continues closing on scagnetti's face
ecu on mickey's face
mallory running into mickey's arms, passionately kissing.
roger's camera does a 360 around the loving couple.
mallory inbetween kisses it's taken you so long to come to me.
cu of scagnetti as his face is shoved down to the floor by mallory's foot.
cu of mcclusky's shoes cutting a mean path down the hallway.
what's this?
tilt up to mcclusky's face, exasperated.
everyone feels the demon's arrival.
scagnetti's dead.
diopter shot - wayne's personal phone rings loudly.
mickey uses the camera crew's gaffer tape to tie the hostages 3 technicians, wayne, julie, kavanaugh and homolka to each other, in a train pattern.
what's your name?
put your solar plexus right against kavanaugh's butt... grab his arms...
look we'll talk about it when i get home...about two hours...is jimmy okay?...of course i'm not okay...this is worse than baghdad...listen if i get through this delores, it's all straight sailing from now on... i love you.
where's it parked?
wayne's cellular phone rings again in his pocket.
mickey continuing to the others now, when we get out there, you do what we say or it's shotgun city.
she doesn't mean that...mai ly, it's not "either-or," that's bullshit...it's not evidence...mai ly i can't talk to you like this...look i'll be there as soon as i can...two, maybe three hours, we'll settle this, i promise...i promise...what do you mean 'is this real?'
let's go.
it's sad
roger's video captures it all.
it's shaky, real harsh, and it captures the pandemonium of battle.
technician 1 goes down and mickey's hit in the leg, but keeps on running and firing.
roger's camera right alongside them.
wayne's hit in the ass and ear.
roger's camera whip pans from that to catch a deputy hopping around the corner.
roger's hit, and the video camera goes haywire, reeling out of control, then thunking to the ground.
kavanaugh is hit again, looks like he's dying.
a mild looking man in convict's uniform, calm, emotionless, with his thinning hair he could pass for an accountant.
he's blasting down the approaching deputies, letting gas grenades blur the corridor.
the knox's jump up and holding duncan and propping kavanaugh, with wayne tailing, they run down a new corridor that owen leads them to.
kavanaugh looks like he's dead.
let's kill all these motherfuckers!
mickey grabbing kavanaugh let's go!!
mcclusky's pov -- kavanaugh dies right then and there.
he's dead, dickweed!
there's a silent standoff.
tears are streaming down duncan's face as the caravan retreats back up the stairs to the next flight.
goddamit what the hell's wrong with you!
mickey's pacing, ignoring his wound.
wayne's cellular phone rings once more.
we now see she's been shot.
over duncan's impassioned clamor they hear mcclusky yelling up the stairwell.
the fuckin' zoo's explodin' and you're didlin' with these two pukes, we got more imp...
you hear me, wurly -- i'm gonna wipe this scum off the face of the earth if it's the last fucking thing i do.
that's okay mate, thanks a lot.
let's do a butch cassidy and the sundance kid.
that's poetry...but we'll do that when all else fails.
while wayne speaks, mickey props his shotgun under wayne's chin and wraps the gaffer tape around the barrel of the shotgun.
then he wraps it around wayne's neck.
i would go straight to my buddy, the governor, i'd go to "bill" himself, i'm a friend of bill's, i'd go to mike at 60 minutes, i'd expose myself, i'd make sure everyone of these sons of bitches down there ends up on the unemployment line.
wayne cont'd ...i would make it my life's ambition to bring dwight mcclusky and the entire prison system to its knees.
that's what i thought.
mickey's right hand is taped to the trigger and stock of the shotgun that's wrapped firmly to wayne's neck.
note:  the scene's intercut between video footage and color 35 mm.
if anybody puts me in danger, my network will sue dwight mcclusky and the entire sheriff's department and the governor himself.
the network's law firm is sinclair, marshall, and milchan.
but mickey knows what he's doing.
mickey's eyes see ut.
so do mallory's.
mcclusky looks like he's going to pop his cerebral cortex.
mallory's pointing the camera at him; she's laughing at what he says.
mickey knox's plan worked.
wayne takes the camera from mallory, while mickey, his wounds like mallory's taped, paces in and out of frame; in the bg, gradually leaving frame, is owen.
mallory, what did you think of mickey's plan?
laughs i mean it's not like we care...if they wanna say we masterminded the whole thing, let 'em.
mickey's snapping his fingers in the b.g.
c'mon, c'mon, let's hurry this up.
so, what's next?
mallory holding mickey's hand well, now me and mickey are gonna take it easy.
just enjoy each other's company...
that's a joke right?
that's why nobody really gives a shit about you wayne.
that's why they didn't deploy helicoptors!
and it will... pause it's just that you're the last one, wayne.
wayne new tone so big fuckin' deal, that's show business.
who cares, so i'm a parasite....it's a "cruel world" out there.
john wayne voice to mallory let's make a little music colorada.
wayne's body lies peacefully in frame as the camera rolls out of film.
mallory strums mickey's guitar.
he's resting, owen.
we're gonna give it a try, we love each other, that's fo' sure.
we promised you a ride out, that's it.
what's that?
mickey turns his head to see if owen's joking.
how's your pussy looking?
now, there's no reason to talk angry, mallory.
that's enough bullshit!
to mickey oh my god this is like murphy's law.
everywhere we go, there's some weirdo.
is that what's standing between you and me?
he is staring down the barrel of owen's gun.
<meta file=quentin-tarantino_django-unchained.txt>
as the film's opening credit sequence plays, complete with its own spaghetti western theme song, we see seven shirtless and shoeless black male slaves connected together with leg irons, being run, by two: white male hillbillies on horseback.
he's fourth in the leg iron line.
now spaghetti western flashbacks are never pretty, it's usually the time in the film when the lead character thinks back to the most painful memory inflicted on him or his loved ones from evil characters from his past.
then she's taken away to whereabouts unknown, never to be seen again.
as the sun continues to beat down on django's head, he remembers;
it's django's turn on the auction block as the theme song wails its tragic crescendo, django is brought up on the auction block.
it's night time and the speck brothers, astride horses, keep pushing their black skinned cargo forward.
it's a very pitch black night, with only a few stars in the.sky to create a little top light.
it's so dark, the slavers use the creek.bed to keep from getting lost.
it's also a bitterly cold night, with the breath of the seven slaves, two slavers, and two horses creating clouds in the air.
who's that stumblin around in the dark?
django's voice os i'm from the carrucan plantation.
and what's your name young, man?
so tell me django - by the way that's a amazing name - during your time at the carrucan plantation, did you come to know three overseers by the name of the brittle brothers?
dr.schultz shoots his horse in the head... .the steed goes down taking dicky with him... when the dead weight horse lands on dicky's slightly twisted leg, we hear two distinct cracking sounds.:..
django watches in the dark, the german climb down off his horse, pick up ace's discarded lantern, and walk over to the remaining speck.
dr.sch.ultz lights the lantern, illuminating himself, as he stands over dicky's body.
it's pissing rain outside.
.they bring a belt across django's backside to make him fuck faster.
pocket, and tosses it on dicky's body.
he bends down and, puts the paper money-.in the saddle bags on dicky's dead horse.
he unlocks django's leg irons.
hillbilly spits in the german gentleman's face.
he's just about ready to ride off, when the good doctor adds;
dr.schultz oh, and on the off chance that there's any astronomy aficionados amongst you, the north star is that one.
dr.schultz see, it's not so difficult.
django wears specks winter coat, with one of dr.schultz's white button down dress shirts underneath it.
no it ain't, it's your horse.
if it's my horse, i can give it to you, and as of now, i'm doing such.
now that that's settled... .
he's stubborn, ornery, and prone to a bad disposition, but i couldn't do without him.
he pats fritz's neck anyway, the name of one's steed, isn't something one does lightly.
that's what you jus' asked me, right?
/z dr.schultz well i'm naturally curious, of course, but there's no reason you must tell me.
dr.schultz what's everybody staring at?
dr.schultz what's this bizarre obsession they have with.
dr.schultz django you're going to have to learn to trust me, and as the man said; "there's no time like the,present."
it's about five minutes later, and the saloon keeper comes running out of the bar to get the sheriff.
the german stands up, and walks-behind the bar, and pours two beer's from the tap into mugs.
this makes the doctor laugh, as he pours the beer's.
dr.schultz i haven't practiced dentistry in five years - not to say once i know you better, i wouldn't like to get a look at that mouth - i'm sure it's a disaster - but these days i practice a new profession ... .
dr.schultz cont'd the state places a bounty on a man's head.
after i've killed him, i transport that man's corpse back to the authorities - and sometimes that's easier said then done.
what's a bounty?
dr.schultz it's like a reward.
so, here's my agreement.
twenty-five dollars per brittle brother - that's seventy-five dollars... .
dr.schultz's eyes go to the saloon window.
okay boys, fun's over, come on out.
a small derringer - pops into schultz's hand from a metal sliding apparatus concealed under his jacket sleeve.
dr.schultz answers him by putting another tiny bullet in the law man's skull, killing him dead.
a terrified django, who's sure his new master is a lunatic who's going to get them both killed, peeks out the closed curtains on the window.
dr.schultz's suit coat sits draped over a chair.
if the one i think is the.marshall is the marshall, he's out there.
dr.schultz what makes you think he's the marshall?
cause he's the one ready to say somethin'.
marshall's voice you in the saloon!
marshall's voice we got eleven winchesters on every way outta that buildin'!
dr.schultz yes, that's exactly what i mean!
that's two hundred dollars, dead or alive.
dr.schultz is dressed in one of his nearly identical grey business suits, and django is still dressed in his slave pants, schultz's button down dress shirt, and ace speck's winter coat.
so, having said that, what's your plan, young django?
what's your plan after that?
dr.schultz the bad part about slavery being a business, is it's immoral.
somewhere in greenville there's a book with your wife's name in it, and the name of the customer who bought her, and more then likely their address.
dr.schultz still, seventy-five dollars in your back pocket is a pretty nice grub steak, but it's not going to get you very far in greenville.
he's very distressed.
one glance at the outfit he's wearing explains the distress.
dr.schultz django, you have to, it's part of "the act".
while there are plenty black males out in the cotton fields, the majority of the slave population of bennett manor is pretty.black females, fourteen to twenty-four, referred to as, "pony's".
as dr.schultz and fancy pants django, bring fritz and tony to a stop in front of bennett manor, they've drawn quite a crowd of slaves, bennett family members, and white workers overseer's.
it's against the law for niggers to ride horses in this territory.
z .ate` dr.schultz his name is django, he's a free man, and he can ride what he pleases.
this makes the pretty pony's surrounding bennett, giggle.
i this gets everybody's attention, not least of all spencer bennett.
what's your jimmies name again?
no that's not what i said.
what's the name of that peckawood boy from town works with the glass?
he comes by and fixes the winda's when we have a problem?
yeah, that's the boy's name, jerry.
well that's it then... just treat 'em like you would jerry.
but the lion share of my lady niggers are real show pony's.
dr.schultz well that's what i'm looking for, a show pony for young django.
you mean the shaffer's?
spyglass pov: astride his nag, the filthy hillbilly, who calls himself shaffer, but who django knows to be ellis brittle, looks on, oblivious to django's observation.
he remembers ellis brittle burning a "r" into broomhilda's cheek with a
where's the other two?
big john brittle slashes the beauty of broomhilda's back with his
she's real sorry!
you know yourself it's for your own good.
in position to take the skin off of little jody's back.
.django's voice, stops him;
up, and in a discarded full length broken mirror from the big house, laying abandoned against the stable wall, he see's django, dressed in his powder blue satin little lord flauntleroy outfit, surrounded by his pack of little french bulldogs.
little jody on her knees, tied to the dead tree stump, looks up see's the same thing in the mirror.
django crosses toward big john, raising up his arm like he's going to shake his hand ...
.django extends his arm, and dr.schultz's derringer arm contraption,.
pops the tiny gun into his hand, and he fires a tiny bullet smack dab into big john's merciless heart.
little jody can't believe what she's just seen.
then comes to his senses, fumbling for the gun he wears on his hip, but since he's no gunman, in his haste, he gets it out of his holster, but drops it on the ground.
django picks big john's whip off the ground., and begins whipping little raj across the face and chest.
whips him on the ground, then throws the whip to the ground, picks roger's pistol off the ground, and empties it five shots into roger.
that's john brittle, and that's his little brother raj.
dr.schultz where's ellis?
he's the one hightailin' it across that field right now.
schultz's winchester goes to his eye, he follows the rider with his rifle barrel.
dr.schultz are you sure that's him?
yes i'm sure that's ellis brittle.
the german and django have the entire plantation's attention.
the man to my left is django freeman, he's my.
this does put a momentary pause in the lynch mob's blood lust.
load up the bodies as quickly as you can, and let's get out of here.
insert: dr.schultz's saddle bag, the doctor's hands remove three sticks /!.
insert: the doctor's hands bind the three sticks of dynamite together.
that's them sonsabitches.
spencer's pov: we see the camp by the lake that dr.schultz and django have set up.
that's way too simple for these jokers.
look nobody's saying they don't appreciate what jenny did.
yep, it's worse.
look, let's not forget why we're here.
that's a raid.
they surround the camp, and when the sleeping schultz and django don't react, they know something's up.
but since nobody can see, everybody and everybody's horse is.
over their heads: "where are they, i can't see" - "they tricked us" - "did somebody fall" "where the hell are they" "y'all, redfish fell off his horse-he's kinda hurt bad."
schultz next to him, says; dr.schultz he's getting away.
spencer's horse his hooves race and rip up the grass.
dr.schultz he's getting out of range.
we're in.front of spencer bennett as he rides, when django's bullet, rips through his chest.
the men go to different stores to purchase django's wardrobe.
when he's done, django looks damn handsome in his new duds.
however, tellingly, he keeps ace speck's winter coat as his winter coat.
she's my wife, it's my job to look after her.
if greenville's where i gotta go to find out where she went, then i gotta go.
dr.schultz there'should be some sort of records office.
how did you know broomhilda's first masters were german?
there's a story 'bout broomhilda?
so at first he's just going to obliterate her -
phew, that's pretty mad.
he's still mad at her.
broomhilda's on a mountain?
dr.schultz it's a german legend, there's always going to be a mountain in there somewhere.
from now on as dr.schultz talks, he's beginning to realize something he wasn't aware of when the conversation started.
he scales the mountain, because he's not afraid of it.
he defeats the dragon, because he's not afraid.of him.
dr.schultz con't he walks through hellfire because broomhilda's worth.
he pours django and himself some more tea out of a fancy tea pot, as he thinks about what he's going to say next.
what's not to like?
but normally, that's a good thing.
it's fish in a. barrel.
so understandably, he's a little suspicious.
you're just not ready to go off on your own, it's that simple.
it's kind of a big deal.
django wears his cool looking green jacket, unless it's really cold, which a lot of this montage is.
by the end of the scene, after trial and error, we see django's going to be good at this.
smitty bacall is a stagecoach robber who's hiding out as a farmer, because there's a seven thousand dollar bounty on his head.
dr.schultz and he's all yours my boy.
django's finger on the trigger... .but he hesitates.
his son's with him.
that's better then most get, and a damn.
take out smitty bacall's handbill.
consider it today's lesson.
dr.schultz it's good luck.
they begin walking down the hill, to collect smitty bacall's body, leading the extra body horse behind them.
as they walk down hill, they watch the little scene of smitty bacall's son cradling his dying father.in his arms, the older man speaking his last words to his son before he dies.
it's now full on snowy winter in the hills.
django practices his quick draw against a snowman he's built.
he sticks a bottle in it, so the bottom of the bottle is where the snowman's heart would be.
dr.schultz i think it's safe to say you're faster then the snowman.
the flakes continue to fall hard as dr.schultz and django ride down the main street of town, pulling poor poncho who's fully loaded down with five corpses.
who the hell's the wilson - lowe gang?
tnt - sheriff gus's office - night the snow encrusted bounty hunters come inside the lawmans office.
the snow has melted, and it's spring.
he's not a slave anymore.
he's a bounty hunter.
a shepherd's dog, helps him out by moving
at the moment there's no train in the depot.
niggers stink, where's the shock?
there's a slave corral right across from this boxcar.
django catches a quick glimpse of broomhild.a running with the other ladies, then she's gone from view.
dr.schultz it's a spectacle out of dante.
up until now everything you've ever seen of broomhilda, has only been in django's spaghetti western flashbacks.
this is the,only time the story will shift to broomhilda's perspective.
instead she's just lifted up on a parked buckboard wagon.
scotty bought her, but he's too scared to talk to her.
broomhilda's muddy bare feet dangle off the wagon.
she's beginning to realize the young master is the shy type.
she climbs into the driver's seat.
the household's four domestic slaves.
scotty's mother, mrs.harmony mary louise, waits to meet her son, and his new bought nigger gal.
the older lady looks the black girl up and down and says to her; mrs.harmony what's your name, gal?
boy's twenty four, he still ain't a man yet.
that's why you're here.
he's a very sweet boy.
he's just shy is all.
scotty's a real sweet boy.
the mother lets go of the young lady's wrist.
basically the harmony's bought a slave bride for young master scotty that day.
at night in scotty's bed, while the young man lay fast asleep, broomhilda looks at her jelly jar of glowing lightning bugs.
as scotty's sort of defacto sweetheart, if no visitors were about, broomhilda would even join the family at their dinner table.
at night the streets, the bars, bistros, and buggy rides were ruled by rich white masters showing off their pretty pony's.
thank you so much, it's a great honor.
he squeezes broomhilda's hand.
scotty's having such a good time with his fancy friends he opts to stay behind.
'broomhilda leaves in a bit of a huff, due to scotty's disobedience.
she's gonna scrape every pimple.
sheba whispers something else in candie's ear.
well, she's your pony...i mean...
oh hush, what's a little nigger lip 'tween friends.
sheba walks over to scotty's side of the table, and gives him a very lip intensive'soul kiss.
then sheba goes back to calvin's side of the table.
scotty takes the piece of paper, "what's this?"
it's sheba's bill of sale.
and sheba's worth about eight hundred dollars.
in chickasaw county, she's money.
what scotty's just done hits him like a ton of bricks.
i called you a card cheatin' son of a bitch, cause that's what you are!
we do a slow zoom into broomhilda's face.
from dr.schultz's perspective we see calvin candie, and his black slave.bodyguard, bartholomew, always dressed in a slightly ill fitting three piece suit and bowler hat, among the crowd of buyers at the auction block below.
candie's lawyer leonide moguy joins him.
dr.schultz well apparently, that's where your wife is, and apparently the repellent gentleman down there is the one who owns her.
that's what you call it when you buy a slave expert.
it's an unusual name.
that's a perfectly legitimate question.
black slavers are lower then head house niggers, and buddy, that's pretty fuckin low.
what's next?
she's been taught to smile and say:
the white men's ages range from early twenties to old men.
y'all gonna dine, it's real good.
mr.moguy nonsense, it's my job.
dr.schultz yes, this is django.. django, this is mr.candie's lawyer, leonide'moguy.
calvin's in the billiard room, follow me.
you better watch out doctor, you gonna steal this little pony's heart.
one could almost say, i was raised to be calvin's lawyer.
dr.schultz oh nothing, he's just being cheeky.
yes, he's a bit of a francophile.
that's why all the french ambiance.
an older european looking man, who's rooting for the mandingo that calvin's not rooting for, is also in the room.
that's quite abrupt and aggressive.
dr.schultz says, as if he's just been massively insulted; dr.schultz you don't intend to allow your 2nd... referring to moguy .to make the proper introductions?
well come on over, cause we gotta us a fight goin on that's a good bit of fun_ dr.schultz steps up to get a better look at the savage fight.
what's his name, moguy?
what's your nigger's name?
what's your name, boy?
candie puts a calming hand on bartholomew's shoulder.
django's eyes go to calvin, he nods his approval.
how's your catfish, dew drop?
he looks to sheba, who's licking her fingers from the crawdads.
dr.schultz and django's eyes meet for a moment.. .so far...so good.
it's the next day and a whole procession is making their way to "candyland."
bartholomew now dressed in work clothes drives a buckboard filled with'supplies.
these poor devil's know their fate is pretty dismal.
either they'll be sold to the lequint dickey mining company, or they'll be put in some mandingo fight they can't win, like with samson, or stonesipher's dogs.
all the slaves hate django because they think he's a black slaver.
he's playing the role of a fucker black slaver, he can't let that shit stand.
dr.schultz i've confirmed broomhilda's at candyland.
are you sure it's her?
dr.schultz he didn't call her by name, but she's a young lady, whip marks on 'her back, and speaks german.
now while it's not wise to assume, in this instance, i think it's pretty safe.
billy crash, a hillbilly overseer who's missing his two front teeth, rides up.
it's all the white trash ya gotta deal with.
yeah, they holdin' the pretty part of the whip, but it's just a thin membrane separate 'em.
it's about the only thing these dumbass motherfuckers do know.
what the hell's goin on?
one look at d'artagnan tells you he's a mandingo who's been in one fight too many.
not to mention he's covered in cuts, like he's been drug through a briar patch.
take these goddamn dogs away from this nigger, he's just makin' em hungry.
he's seen this little drama play out many times before.
the five new mandingos watch calvin candie's treatment of d'artagnan to know what to expect from their new home.
including django's, whose eyes narrow at the doctor.
django's voice cuts through the mississippi heat.
he's just tired'of you toyin' with him is all.
dr.schultz realizes he's just done the one thing he's always preached to django you can never do..break character.
you'll hafta excuse mr.stonesipher's slack jawed gaze.
mr.stonesipher that's right.
he's your nigger.
as d'artagnan's screams and marsha's growls continue off screen.
well, him bein' german an' all, i'm a little more use to american's then he is.
let's git to it.
cause as of now, if he's a example, i' ain't impressed.
it's full of nature and natures vibrant colors, and a broiling hot sun to see it all in.
other then the switch of white faces for black, it's pretty much the same village.
they all greet monsieur calvin candie, who naturally leads the procession, as if he's alexander the great returning from the wars.
calvin's widowed sister lara lee candie-fitzwilly, an attractive �.
who's stephen?
- stephen has been calvin's slave since he was a little boy.
as stephen peers down from his perch at the nigger in the green jacket, it's hate at first sight.
yeah yeah yeah, hello my ass - who's this nigger up on that nag?
like i said, who's this nigger, up on that nag?
django's voice os hey snowball.
whoa, whoa, whoa, stephen, let's keep it funny.
django's a freeman.
he's gonna stay in the big house?
stephen, he's a slaver.
it's different.
that's my problem, they're mine to burn.
you know since i started fightin' niggers about eleven years ago, it's been a new lease on'life.
and that's brown and that's jingle bells cody.
ace's attention goes to the five new mandingos.just walked from greenville to here.
what's wrong with them?
what's your name, boy?
i had 'em fight one of amerigo's niggers last night.
candie'shakes his head in mock frustration.
that's fritz, this is tony.
once he's in the stable, give 'em that.
i want her cleaned up and smellin' nice, and sent over to dr.schultz's room.
there's somethin' we ain't tole you yet.
hildi's in the hot box.
this gets django's, schultz's, and candie's attention.
what's she doin' there?
how bad did stonesipher's dogs tear her up?
django's hand falls to the butt of his smoke wagon.
if they sicked those dogs on his angel, he's going to just kill all these motherfuckers right now.
lucky for her they were busy lookin' for d'artagnan's ass.
django's hand moves away from his gun.
because i said so, that's why.
jesus christ stephen, what's the point of havin' a nigger speaks german if-you can't wheel 'em out when you have a german guest?
i realize it's inconvenient.
dr.schultz's eyes shift to django, to watch him watch this.
stephen notices django's interest in both the hot box and whoever's sizzling in it.
django's pov:.from his wide shot perspective we see them yank the naked broomhilda incoherent out of the hole.
as we move into a sergio leone cu of django's face.
int - django's guest room - day a guest room with a big feather bed, dresser drawer with a flowery pitcher of water and basin on top of it.
this one's yours, boy.
that bed's damn nice too.
broomhilda's gone.
stephen does what he's told, but with attitude.
once stephen's done, django stands up from the bed.
then throws the water in stephen's face.
that's my kinda bell ringin'.
he rolls his eyes and puts up with it, and all the white folks think it's so cute.
and after i do that, let's see you play the rooster round here.
oh that's right, he gives you first name privileges... .
that's what i thought.
a door joins django and schultz's room.
that's all that needs to be said.
lara lee, cora, and a traumatized, but cleaned up she's dressed in a domestic maid uniform broomhilda stand outside dr.schultz's door, after calvin's sister raps on it.
schultz acts for the benefit of miss lara's astonishment.
int - schultz's guest room big house - late afternoon with the door closed, schultz turns to the weak, frightened, disoriented girl.
i'm only speaking german to you now, broomhilda, in case candie's people are listening to us.
now it's myself and our mutual friend's intention to take you away from here forever.
it's not a happy tune.. .per se.
but it's pretty, and vaguely optimistic ... we dissolve to the slave pen the doomed men who didn't sell at greenville, brooding rodney and chester and chicken charly, spend their last night at candyland sleeping under the stars in the slave pen.
she's all by herself as she goes through this duty.
broomhilda stops whistling and spins surprised in stephen's direction.
it's kinder pretty.
he watches the effect his words have on broomhilda's face.
knowing django's a slaver, and for his dinner table privileges, the domestic slaves despise django.
- by the way, why's he called eskimo joe?
dr.schultz irregardless, we all know samson's your best, and you'll never sell him and i can see why, he's a champion.
samson's the champion.
including broomhilda, who's wielding the gravy boat.
after django says that, while in shock, she over pours beef gravy on lara lee's mashed potatoes.
can he take goldie, probably not - goldie's the best dirty fightin' nigger i ever saw.
everyone waits for calvin's response.
monsieur candie, you can't imagine what it's like not to hear you native tongue for four years.
stephen watches her go, then looks at django, then hands candie his mint julep, and goes into a broad routine for the table's benefit.
when they're a guest in somebody's house, and the master of of the house thinks he's- funny, you suppose to laugh.
chuckle... .chuckle... they play their little comedy routine for all it's worth.
eskimo joe's a quality nigger, no doubt about it.
candie's lawyer chimes in.
dr.schultz considers'calvin candie's words, then suddenly says; dr.schultz you know monsieur candie... .
it's a lot better then sizzling in that hot box, or draggin' your ass through a bramble bush, ain't it?
stephen decides to test django's reaction.
you know monsieur candle, the doctor might be interested in seein' hildi's "peeled" back.
then stephen's right, you would probably find this interesting.
and he's a man of medicine.
broomhilda - dismissed - takes calvin's dishes and heads back into the kitchen.
stephen hears this, he's starting to get the idea.
stephen knows these two jokers django and schultz are up to something, and now he's just figured it out.
it's about dessert.
well that's a horse of a different color.
stuffed animal heads deer, boar that he's shot, sit mounted on the walls.
there's comfy red leather chairs and a bar in the globe.
it appears, in this room, calvin's and stephen's life long friendship exits on a different plane.
what's the matter?
they playin your ass for a fool, that's what i'm talkin' bout.
well they're doin' it cause django's in love with hildi.
she's probably his wife.
if she's who they want, why the whole snake oil pitch about mandingos?
calvin thinks ... .as per usual, stephen's right.
but why don't you sit down and let's talk about this.
calm-the-fuck-down, sit down, and let's discuss this.
.so let's go back in there and busts these motherfucker's chops.
schultz and django feel the change in their host's demeanor, as he stares down the table at them.
ace woody's out there dealin' with some shady slaver sellin' a passel of ponys.
calvin candie removes his arm from behind his back, and in his hand he's holding a big ugly hammer.
there's been a lotta lies said around this table tonight-but that.. .you can believe.
stephen sits the young lady down in moguy's old chair.
with their palms against the table, unarmed, django and schultz silently watch candie's next move.
he smashes the arm rest of the chair broomhilda's sitting in.
insert: calvin signing over broomhilda's bill of sale.
he's very disturbed.
all the white people with calvin candie are happy and celebrate candie's successes with glasses of brandy.
broomhilda's bill of sale, and her freedom papers.
you named your slave after that novel's lead character.
schultz rises, puts the papers in his back pocket, .looks to his two companions, django and broomhilda, and says; dr.schultz we got it, let's go.
when calvin says to the german's back;
it's a custom here in the south, once a business deal is concluded, for the two parties to shake hands.
dr.schultz let's go.
the german crosses toward candie, offering him his hand... candie offers his hand to schultz... the small derringer pops into schultz's outstretched hand...
dr.schultz is blown apart by bartholomew's sawed off shotgun.
we fade up from black to see: the soles of django's bare feet.
a rope is tied around the ankles, and it's obvious he's been strung up, upside down.
eight year old stable boy, timmy, wipes the unconscious django's face with a wet rag.
shhh's him act like you still sleepin'.
where's broomhilda?
oh he's dead.
his body's over there.
now he's dead as fried chicken, everyone 'round here blames you.
yep, boss man's gone.
it lands stuck in the wooden barn yard floor, four inches from django's face.
it's that german sunbitch the trouble maker.
he throws the knife again... .this time it lands in the floor two inches from django's face.
now there's a lotta ass busters out there try an' git creative with the way they bust ass.
he throws the knife again... django jerks his head back ... .and the knife lands in the floor, right where django's head was.
these last eleven years training calvin's mandingos i made me more money i made my whole goddamn life.
he grabs a handfull of django's genitals in his fist.
he takes his big bowie, and places the razor sharp blade against django's nut sack.
how's the blade of that bowie feel against your ball sack, blackie?
now that's what i call sharp.
he's holding django's clothes in a bundle under his arm.
she wanna talk about the old man's funeral.
while still keeping a firm grip on django's'junk, ace woody says;
django's clothes are dumped by the furnace.
he removes the big black poker from the furnaces fire, it's red hot end
and that's where you met me.
and that's when you knew your goose was cooked.
he touches django's nipple with the orange hot tip of the poker.
unlike a lot of movie hero's, django doesn't take torture silently and stoically.
now that fancy talkin' white man of yours didn't know what's what.
with the orange hot poker, he burns off django's other nipple.
he places the hot orange end of the poker hard against django's bare buttocks.
he goes through django's clothes and pulls out his tan pants.
you leavin', that's what you can take with you.
stephen walks over to the hanging upside down man, and as he talks to him, he begins fondling django's genitals.
then they're, "let's whip 'em to death," "throw 'em to the mandingos," "feed 'em to stonesipher's dogs."
and then i say, "what's so special 'bout that?
he stops massaging django's balls.
and trust me when i tell you it's gonna be 'bout as much fun as it sounds.
where's broomhilda?
she's all right for now.
it's chaos 'round here.
let's git the niggers and git out.
and broomhilda's new owner billy crash.
what's your names?
i'm.floyd, this is roy, and that's jano.
chester's bundle what's that?
it's my stuff.
floyd takes the'hat off of chester's head and sails it away.
as well as ripping the corncob pipe out of chicken charly's mouth and tossing it in the dirt.
i mean if that's the idea, that's the idea, but i didn't think that was the idea.
ace knows he's right, so he turns to roy and floyd.
jano takes the rope tired around django's wrists.and ties the other end around his saddle horn.
what's he pay you?
jano's hand grabs his riding crop, and he brings it up to strike django, when the black man says to him;
that's what's nice about this fortune, it's not illegal.
there's a seven thousand dollar dead or alive bounty on him.
what's this?
i told you, it's the handbill for smitty bacall and the bacall gang.
insert: smitty bacall's wanted dead or alive handbill roy holds it in his hand as he reads and django talks.
what's your deal?
he's got these greedy sonsabitches right on the hook...he just needs one little push.
just because the handbill's real doesn't mean that other bunch of malarky.is.
that black's damn convincing.
roy whips out a big knife, and cuts the rope around django's wrists.
rodney, chicken charly, and chester watch the sight of the white men cutting the ropes that bound the black man's wrists, as well as them all sharing a laugh, with wonderment.
what's them saddle bags filled with?
jano removes the last of the dynamite filled saddle bags from django's horse, throws them over his shoulders, and begins walking back to the cage wagon.
where's my pistol?
i just had the sights fixed last month, it's perfect.
that's good to know.
django shoots one of the saddle bags over.jano's shoulder...kahboom!!!!
he's shoeless and shirtless, but floyd's pistol and gunbelt sit wrapped around his waist.
grabbing a fistful of the horses mane, he digs his heels into the beast's side.
django wraps it around the horse's neck, turns the beast around, and without saying another word, rides back in the direction of candyland.
then comes calvin candie's coffin carried by eight pallbearers, stephen, moguy, bartholomew, ace woody, brown, cody, and his best mandingos samson and goldie.
the sky's real pretty miss lara.
jake, the biggest, is off by himself, pounding nails into a small delicate birdhouse he's making.
django's bare feet jump on to the ground.
as the barking gets louder, we see a close up of the axe in the chopping block, and django's hand removing it.
before the other three have really registered what's happening, django has crossed the distance, and is yanking the axe out of jake's face.
and with axe in hand, django chases and fights with all three trackers, till after a point where he's chopped down two of them, lex, and stew, and now there's only mr.stonesipher left.
you know stonesipher's great with a knife, plus his fighting style is like one of his dogs, attack attack attack.
then it's just a fight of brute strength, and survival.
but if django's going to save broomhilda, not to mention get revenge on all these candyland motherfuckers, he has to take stonesipher's ass out.
this black man who has been under the yoke of white man's domination all his life, and this white man who feeds black people to dogs, fight each other for their life.
django gets his arm around stonesipher's neck in a headlock, but the mountain boy is big enough to lift django.
stonesipher's head.
django takes the toadstools and mr.stonesipher's buck knife and chops the mushrooms into tiny pieces.
ext - marsha's kennel - night django throws the pot of poisoned beef stew over the top of the kennel.
tony's happy to see him.
and schultz's horse fritz in the stable.
django bends down over the body of dr.schultz, he takes broomhilda's bill of sale and freedom papers out of his back pocket.
he also searches for and finds schultz's hidden derringer, he keeps it in a holster around his ankle.
django doesn't correct the difference between dr.schultz and a white friend, because there's nothing he could say to timmy to make him understand.
int - billy crash's shack - night billy crash is in bed fucking broomhilda.
as billy's fucking her he says;
it's gonna be real nice 'round here now the 'ol man's gone.
'sr
and through the spaces in the wooden planks that act as walls in billy crash's shack, she sees a figure fall to the ground.
django's voice os hey little trouble maker.
ext - the funeral - night the two old slave.grave diggers are throwing the first shovelfuls of dirt on monsieur calvin j. candie's coffin.
ext - billy crash's shack - night django with broomhilda.
billy crash lies dead in the b.g., stonesipher's buck knife buried deep in his chest.
here's your bill of sale, and freedom papers.
what's gonna happen to you?
now go to the stable, little timmy's got our horses .saddled.
he's a damn fine horse.
and finally, samson and goldie unarmed calvin candie's two prized mandingos, wearing suits they borrowed from bartholomew.. this candie family unit walk to the big house for a few post funeral drinks.
the'smoke and dust thins a little, and we see inside the smoke the mansion has been obliterated, but the big house front steps remain.
then he sees the figure.is carrying something in his left hand... .it's floyd's winchester, he raises it, and points it at ace.
ace woody's hand moves away from his gun.
it's django dressed in his django
stephen, ace woody, moguy, lara lee, bartholomew, cora, brown and jingle bells cody, sampson or goldie...nobody can believe django's standing there.
it's now django who gives the orders.
everybody realizes django's intentions.
django's eyes go to stephen, who looks back at him.
lara lee can't believe cora's leaving her.
django looks to stephen, and takes schultz's hidden derringer out of his pocket.
let's see if you can handle this as well as you can my nuts?
lara lee candie-fitzwilli can't come to grips with what she's.in the middle of, who she's facing, what's in her hand, or what's about to happen.
everyone's ready, but no one wants to start this party...
but it's no contest.
as soon as django saw any movement from the six in front of him, floyd's pistol was quicksilver fast in.
django stands on the top steps of what's left of'the big house, looking down at the candie family unit, who all lay dead or dying on the candyland front lawn.
django's pistol goes back in its holster.
django walks down the front steps of the big house, feeling tremendous satisfaction in the wrath he just wroth on candie and co. he removes dr.schultz's tiny derringer from stephen's dead hand, putting it in his pocket.
that's for you.
<meta file=quentin-tarantino_true-romance.txt>
she isn't bothered by him, in fact, she's alittle charmed.
in "jailhouse rock" he's everything rockabilly's about.
i love that scene where after he's made it big he's throwing a big cocktail party, and all these highbrows are there, and he's singing, "baby you're so square... baby, i don't care".
he's wearing these stupid-lookin' pants, this horrible sweater.
despite all that shit, all the highbrows at the party, big house, the stupid clothes, he's still a rude-lookin' motherfucker.
it's nice to meet people with common interests, isn't it?
who's sonny chiba?
that's bullshit.
big don watts, a stout, mean-looking black man who's older than drexl and floyd.
naw man, that's some serious shit.
yeah, that's right, laugh.
it's so funny, oh it's so funny.
- because it's good!
now if a nigger wants to get his dick sucked he's got to do a bunch of fucked-up shit.
with that terrible mug of yours if jayne kennedy told you to eat her pussy, kiss her ass, lick her feet, chow on her shit, and suck her dog's dick, nigger, you'd aim to please.
cliff's moving car - morning
cliff's moving car - morning
he's a forty-five-years-old ex-cop, at present a security guard.
he's dressed in a security guard uniform.
cliff's nova pulls in as he continues crooning.
cliff's pov through windshield
upon seeing clarence, a little bitty tear rolls down cliff's cheek.
cliff's pov
clarence sticks his face through the driver's side window.
yeah, well, tha's ok, daddy, i tend to have that effect on people.
i think there's a seven-up in there.
that's about all i ever eat.
that's ok, i'm his wife.
however, that's where the similarities end; alabama's totally sincere.
i never shit it out, so i guess it's still there.
well, if you want some it's here.
uh, yeah... there's a party store down 54th.
it's hard to tell you what to get 'cause different places have different things.
where's a good chicken place around here?
she's a peach.
that's the only word for it, she's a peach.
it's a dead giveaway.
it's written all over it.
outside of casting director's officer - day
i'm me... i mean, that's me.
casting director's office - day
there's brian and marty.
peter breck's already been cast as brian.
now in this scene you're both in a car and bill shatner's hanging on the hood.
cliff's completely aghast.
that's what you do, isn't it?
you could find out for sure what's goin' on.
the forager's back.
it's nine o'clock in the morning.
nothing's open.
cliff's on the telephone in his bedroom, pacing as he talks.
he's talking to detective wilson, an old friend of his from the force.
it's about that pimp that was shot a couple of days ago, drexl spivey.
yeah, and the restaurant's on my route.
now, while i have no proof, the name drexl spivey kept comin' up who's case is it?
clarence and cliff stand by clarence's 1965 red mustang.
alabama's amusing herself by doing cartwheels and handstands in the background.
in fact, they think it's drug related.
that's what i've been tellin' ya.
clarence takes a pice of paper out and puts it into cliff's hand.
this is dick's number in hollywood.
cliff's a little startled.
alabama's bubbling like a fresca.
dick's apartment - day
dick's apartment is standard issue for a young actor.
a framed picture of a ballet dancer's feet hangs on the wall.
it's great to hear from you.
what's up?
well, there's a story behind all that.
dick's apartment - day
clarence's wife?...
he goes over to the tv and picks up the day's mail.
letter: it's obviously from clarence.
it parks by a trailer that's slightly less kept up than the others.
he's drinking out of a fast-food soda cup as he opens the door to his trailer.
sitting in cliff's recliner is vincenzo coccotti, the frank nitti to detroid mob leader blue lou boyle.
cliff's chair is moved closer to coccotti's.
about you boy's age.
that's as good as it's ever gonna get, and it won't ever get that good again.
they saw a mustang, a red mustang, clarence's red mustang, parked in front of your trailer yesterday.
cliff's defeated.
wouldda gotten away with it, but your son, fuckhead that he is, left his driver's license in a dead guy's hand.
that's of minor importance.
but what's of major fuckin' importance is that i believe you.
we went to breakfast and that's the last i saw of him.
virgil, quick as greased lightning, grabs cliff's hand and turns it palm up.
he then whips out a butterfly knife and slices cliff's palm open and pours chivas regal on the wound.
tooth-pic vic returns to the trailer, and reports in italian that there's nothing in the car.
a woman's got twenty, but a guy's got seventeen.
the awful pain in cliff's hand is being replaced by the awful pain in his heart.
he looks deep into coccotti's eyes.
coccotti can't believe what he's hearing.
it's a fact.
it's a fact.
it's written.
coccotti looks at him for a moment then jumps up, whips out an automatic, grabs hold of cliff's hair, puts the barrel to his temple, and pumps three bullets through cliff's head.
go to this comedian's son's apartment and come back with somethin' that tells me where that asshole went so i can wipe this egg off of my face and fix this fucked-up family for good.
tooth-pick vic taps frankie's shoulder and, in italianm asks him what that was all about.
lenny, who has been going through cliff's refridgerator, has found a beer.
dick's apartment- morning
dick's asleep in a recliner.
he's wearing his clothes from the night before.
pink's hot-dog stand - day
the pink's employees work like skilled benihana chefs as they assemble the ultimate masterpiece hot-dog.
pink's hot-dog stand - patio - day
now, picture this: their car's demolished, crowd is starting to gather, my mom is yelling, going into contractions, and my dad, who was losing it before, is now completely screaming yellow zonkers.
that's a pretty amazing story.
well, she's a pretty amazing girl.
what's so fuckin' good about it?
it's like they gotta pass a test of emotional instability before they can get their sag card.
dick sees where clarence's attention is.
do you know what that's like?
it's been on about forty-five minutes.
it's still assholes and elbows on the screen with sonny chiba taking on all-comers.
she makes a beeline for the front whick happens to be clarence's area of choice.
it's ok. don't worry about it.
i, this guy here, he's sonny chiba.
he's an assasin.
he ain't so much good guy as he's just a bad motherfucker.
hold on, a fight scene's coming up.
on the screen, sonny chiba's all jacked up.
alabama's now sitting in the next seat to clarence.
that's my real name, really.
she shows clarence her driver's license.
that's a pretty original moniker there, alabama.
she's a sixteen-calibre kitten, equally equipped for killin' an' lovin'!
where's your car?
it's just you're a girl after my own heart.
well, it's just when i see a really good movie i really like to go out and get some pie, and talk about it.
it's sort of tradition.
denny's restaurant - night
clarence and alabama are sitting in a booth at an all-night denny's.
it's about 12:40 a.m. clarence is having a piece of chocolate cream pie and a coke.
alabama's nibbling on a peace of heated apple pie and sipping on a large tab.
there's nothing to tell.
what's your favorite color?
who's your favorite movie star?
what's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone?
what's your favorite color?
what's your favorite movie star?
you know, like "he's a rebel".
mickey rourke, somebody who can appreciate the finer things in life, like elvis's voice, good kung fu, and a tasty piece of pie.
what's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone?
luckily, i had my driver's license or i wouldn't even know my name.
it's about 1:30 a.m. clarence has taken alabama to where he works.
it's a comic book store called heroes for sale.
that's a long time.
it's easy work.
that's where trouble comes into paradise.
but the boss let's you borrow some money if you need it.
there's a lot of collectors around here.
what's that?
that's a "rookies" doll.
i always found it funny somewhere there's a kid playin' with a little figure of earnest borgnine.
but that's one of the cool things about them, they're so cheap.
nick's gotten a ring from his sweetheart and he wears it around his neck on a chain.
she's looking into clarence's eyes.
clarence's apartment - bedroom - night
clarence's bedroom is a pop culture explosion.
alabama's sitting indian-style going through clarence's photo album.
clarence and alabama slow dance in the middle of his room to janis joplin's "piece of my heart".
that's what happened.
clarence's apartment - bedroom - day
it's the next day, around 1 p.m. clarence wakes up in his bed, alone.
clarence's apartment - living room - day
alabama's wearing one of clarence's old shirts.
she's curled up in a chair crying.
what's wrong, sweetheart?
there's a difference, ya know.
maybe there's not.
it's over on the tv.
in fact, it's stupid not to ever see you again.
so i just said, "alabama, come clean, let him know what's what, and if he tells you to go fuck yourself then go back to drexl and fuck yourself."
he says his mother was apache, but i suspect he's lying.
well, i wouldn't go so far as to call him nice, but he's treated me pretty decent.
how much longer before he's slappin' you around?
he says he makes a nice finder's fee for finding them hot prospects.
but no one's gonna pay a grand a night for a girl who doesn't know whether to shit or wind her watch.
closeup - alabama's wedding ring.
well, that's the one that explains how jimmy wang yu became the incredible one-armed boxer.
we'll return to jimmy wang yu in... "the incredible one-armed boxer vs. the master of the flying guillotine", tonight's eight o'clock movie, after these important messages...
he feels the warmth of alabama's hand holding his.
she's absent-mindedly looking at her wedding ring.
dolly close on clarence's face
clarence and alabama, dressed in tux and gown, doing a lover's waltz on a ballroom dance floor.
a big mean-looking black man in pimp's clothes.
this girl's a freak!
she's a freak for it.
clarence's face.
there's definitely something different about his eyes.
alabama's startled by his sudden movement.
clarence's apartment - bathroom - night
killin' 'em's the hard part.
gettin' away with it's the easy part.
whaddaya think the cops do when a pimp's killed?
clarence's apartment - bedroom - night
calrence's apartment - living room - night
write down drexl's address.
it's pretty late at night.
he's right smack dab in the middle of a bad place to be in daytime.
he checks the pulse on his neck; it's beating like a race horse.
he's inside.
his heart's really racing now.
it's about alabama.
it's our friend, drexl spivey.
she's with me.
drexl's living room - night
he positions himself in front of the food table, demanding drexl's attention.
see, if i asked you if you wanted some dinner and you grabbed an egg roll and started to chow down, i'd say to myself, "this motherfucker's carryin' on like he ain't got a care in the world.
maybe this fool's such a bad motherfucker, he don't got to worry about nothin', he just sit down, eat my chinese, watch my tv."
it's "the mack" with max julian, carol speed, and richard pryor, written by bobby poole, directed by michael campus, and released by cinerama releasing company in 1984. i'm not scared of you.
alabama's moving on to some greener pastures.
what's in that envelope is for my peace of mind.
it's empty.
it's empty.
clarence flashes a wide cheshire cat grin that says, "that's right, asshole."
marty, who's on the bottom of the pile, hasn't let go of clarence.
since drexl's on top, he starts slamming fists into clarence's face.
clarence, who's sandwiched between these two guys, can't do a whole lot about it.
clarence, who has no leverage whatsoever, grabs hold of drexl's face and digs his nails in.
he sticks his thumb in drexl's mouth, grabs a piece of cheek, and starts twisting.
marty, who's in an even worse position, can do nothing but tighten his grip aroud clarence's neck, until clarence feels like his eyes are going to pop out of his head.
drexl's face is getting torn up, but he's also biting down hard on clarence's thumb.
clarence raises his head and brings it down fast, crunching marty's face, and busting his nose.
marty loosens his grip around clarence's neck.
they're not doing much damage to each other because of their positions, it's almost like a hockey fight.
drexl's face is torn up from clarence's nails.
it don't feel too good but it's alright.
drexl kicks clarence, who's still on the ground hurting.
i don't think that white boy's got good sense.
next time you bogart your way into a nigger's crib, an' get all his face, make sure you do it on white boy day.
drexl bends down and looks for clarence's wallet in his jacket.
he flips it open to driver's license.
he puts his foot on clarence's chest.
clarence's pov as he looks up.
but, because you think you're some macho motherfucker, i know who she's with.
and, i know where you live, 4900 116th street, apartment 48. and i'll make a million-dollar bet, alabama's at the same address.
he hands marty the driver's license.
she's done it before.
linda's been dumpin' everybody's stray clothes there lately.
while drexl has his attention turned to marty, clarence reaches into his sock and pulls out the .38. he stick the barrel between drexl's legs.
drexl, who's standing over clarence, looks down just in time to see clarence pull the trigger and blow his balls to bits.
tiny spots of blood speckle clarence's face.
what's happening?
she's too stoned to run, but stoned enough to be terrified.
drexl, still alive, is laying on the ground howling, holding what's left of his balls and his dick.
get a bag and put alabama's thing in it!
clarence takes it by the handle and wobbles over to drexl, who's curled up like a pillbug.
closeup - clarence's forgotten driver's license in marty's bloody hand.
clarence puts his foot on drexl's chest.
it's now drexl's pov from the floor.
clarence's apartment - night
he's not worth one of your tears.
alabama's and her husband's jaws drop.
pan to the parking lot where clarence's empty red mustang is parked.
hollywood holiday inn - calrence's room - day
closeup - dick's jaw drops.
alabama's watching the cable tv.
it's fuckin' real!
it's fuckin' real!
this is drexl's coke?
drexl's dead.
this is clarence's coke and clarence can do whatever he wants with it.
do you have any idea how difficult that's gonna be?
it's difficult because you're sellin' it to a particular group.
he's nothing.
he's in my acting class.
what's this acting class guy's name?
what's to think about?
that's a helluva way to describe the bargain of a lifetime.
you see, they take the leaves and mash it down until it's kind of a paste -
i'm just fuckin' wit ya, that's all.
but, he's a good cop with a wife and a kid, so he sat on it for a year and a half until he found a guy he could trust.
he's my silent partner and he knows if i get fucked up, i won't drop dime on him.
clarence makes a comical face at dick when elliot's not looking.
he deals with a couple of guys, and he's been dealing with them for years.
i'm sure you got better things to do with your time than walk around in circles starin' up a panther's ass.
your guy's interested because with that much shit at his fingertips he can play joe fuckin' hollywood till the wheels come off.
at the price he's payin', he'll be everybody's best friend.
and, you know, that's what we're talkin' about here.
have a ball, it's his money.
elliot, it's sunday.
lee's voice echoes.
clarence takes the receiverout of elliot's hand.
hello, lee, it's clarence.
dick's apartment - day
virgil's knocking on dick's door.
floyd dick's room-mate answers.
he's still on sunset boulevard, the traffic's moving better now.
but being a distributer's not what i'm all about.
now that's bullshit, lee.
every time you buy one of those little movies it's a risk.
i'm not sellin' you something that's gonna play two weeks, six weeks, then go straight to cable.
that's two years you don't have to work with anybody's movie but mine.
well, then, what's the hurry?
he's in my acting class.
yeah, he's good.
if after talkin' to you he's convinced you're ok, he'll do business.
hollywood holiday inn - calrence's room - day
she doesn't move, she's frozen.
ok, alabama, where's our coke, where's clarence, and when's he coming back.
i don't have any coke, but there's a pepsi machine downstairs.
hollywood holiday inn - clarence's room - day
alabama's laying flat.
she closes them, hoping it's a dream.
where's our coke?
where's clarence?
and when he's comin' back?
alabama looks in virgil's eyes and realizes that without a doubt she's going to die, because this man is going to kill her.
she's on all fours gasping for air that's just not there.
what's the biggest, fattest hamburger you guys got?
that would be steve's double chili cheeseburger.
hollywood holiday inn - clarence's room - day
now, where's my fuckin' coke?
where's clarence?
when's clarence getting back?
that's a great issue.
it's a pretty decent one.
but, i look at the price and say forget it, it's just gonna be the same old shit.
he takes the magazine from the customer's hands and starts flipping to the elvis article.
elvis wouldn't fuck her with pat boone's dick.
hollywood holiday inn - clarence's room - day
alabama's pretty beat up.
she's crawling around on the floor.
he's also carrying on a running commentary.
no foolin' the first one's a tough row to hoe.
you still feel somethin' but it's just so deluted this time around.
the third one's easy.
it's gotten to the point now i'll do it just to watch their expressions change.
he's tearing the motel room up in general.
alabama's crawling, unnoticed to where her purse is lying.
i guess i just reached journey's end.
alabama's hands are shaking.
alabama's eyes study him.
closeup - alabama's face.
virgil's right, she doesn't have anything to lose.
virgil's also right about his being the moment of truth.
the absolute feeling of helplessness she felt only a moment ago has taken a one hundred and eighty degree turn into "i'll take this motherfucker with me if it's the last thing i do" seething hatred.
letting out a bloodcurling yell, she raises the knfe high above her head, then drops to her knees and plunges it deep into virgil's right foot.
closeup - virgil's face
while virgil's bent down, alabama smashes an elvis presley whiskey decanter that clarence bought her in oklahoma over his head.
it's only made of plaster, so it doesn't kill him.
virgil's moving toward alabama, limping on his bad foot.
virgil's left foot kicks her in the back, sending her flying over the chair and smashing into the door.
alabama's lying on the ground laughing.
what's so fuckin' funny?!
virgil's insane.
she's clutching a big, bloody piece of broken glass.
she's vaguely reminiscent of a tasmanian devil.
he's pressed up against the wall with this toilet lid hitting him.
the toilet lid finally shatters against virgil's head.
alabama, in the bathroom, sees where he's heading.
it's empty.
she's on her feet and into the room.
she takes a knife-first-running-dive at virgil's back.
ever since he's been firing it's as if some other part of her brain has been functioning independently.
she's been absent-mindedly saying the prayer of saint francis of assisi.
clarence, who's been hearing gunshots, bursts through the door, gun drawn, only to see alabama, hitting a dead guy on the head, with a shotgun.
alabama's passed out in the passenger seat.
she's muttering to herself.
clarence has one hand on the steering wheel and the other strokes alabama's hair.
clarence's red mustang is parked outside.
motel 6 - clarence's room - night
he's in a headshot.
it's like i always felt that the way she felt about me was a mistake.
but, to go through that and remain loyal, it's very easy to be unraptured with words, but to remain loyal when it's easier, even excusable, not to - that's a test of oneself.
that's a true romance.
it's the cops.
it's all fun and fuckin' games till you get caught.
and just think, when you get out in a few years, you'll meet some girl, get married, and you'll be so understanding to your wife's needs, because you'll know what it's like to be a woman.
police station - captain krinkle's office - day
he's you standard rough, gruff, no-nonsense, by-the-book-type police captain.
and it's all ours.
now, what's happened, what's going on, and what are you talking about?
it's like this, krinkle; a patrol car stops this dork for speeding, they walk up to window and the guy's covered in coke.
now er know somthing's rotten in denmark, 'cause this dickhead had a big bag, and it's uncut, too, so we're sweatin' him, trying to find out where he got it.
now, children, somebody is stickin' a red-hot poker up my asshole and what i don't know is whose hand's on the handle.
it's possible.
anybody who clams up and does hid time, i don't care how i feel about him personally, he's ok.
krinkle's office
it seems a cop from some department, we don't know where, stole a half a million dollars of coke from the property cage and he's been sittin' on it for a year and a half.
suspect's words -
he's so spooked he'd turn over his momma, his daddy, his two-panny granny, and anna and the king of siam if he had anything on him.
maybe virgil dropped it off at cardella's.
cardella turns virgil's switch off, and cardella decides to open up his own fruit stand.
nick cardella was provin' what his words was worth before you were in your daddy's nutsack.
nick cardella's a stand-up guy.
clarence's red mustang is parked on top of a hill just off of imperial highway.
it's real frustratin' to be surrounded by airplanes when you ain't got shit.
besides, it's more dramatic.
it's got a nice ring to it.
it's all gonna work out for us.
dick's apartment - day
alabama's wearing dark glasses because of the black eye she has.
you sure that's how you get to the beverly wilshire?
yeah, well if we got lost, it's your ass.
elliot's going to meet us in the lobby.
dick, it's for you.
dick, that's great!
ah, dick, let's talk about it in the car.
um, nothing, let's go?
and if there's any sign of trouble you'll come in.
so you gotta get him to admit on tape that he's buying this coke.
but something this last week has taught me, it's better to have a gun and not to need it than to need a gun and not to have it.
it'll probably be just what it's supposed to be.
the only thing that's waiting for us is two hundred thousand dollars.
now's a helluva time to play "what if".
it's been fun thinking about the money but i can walk away from it, honey.
well, if we're not gonna do it, let's just get in the car and get the fuck outta here.
yeah, let's just get outta here.
lee donowitz isn't a gangster lookin' to skin us, and he's not a cop, he's a famous movie producer lookin' to get high.
elliot's walking around the lobby.
he's very nervous, so he's singing to himself.
there's a man who leads a life of danger, to everyone he meets he stays a stranger.
elliot's voice
clarence enters the lobby alone, he's carrying the suitcase.
where's everybody else?
well, i guess it's about that time.
how's he supposed to see the wire?
he knows something's up.
clarence puts the .38 against elliot's forehead.
he's in an elevator.
what's waiting for us up there.
he's bluffin ya, elliot.
this guy's gonna kill him.
i want you to tell me what's waiting for us up there.
something's amiss.
he's bluffin', i knew it.
he's bluffin'.
with the .38 up against elliot's head clarence puts his palm over the top of the gun to shield himself from the splatter.
alabama and dick can't believe what he's gonna do.
nicholson and dimes shake their hands, they have a "well, that's that" expression an their faces.
elliot, in a state of shock, takes clarence's hand.
dick's apartment - day
it's open.
he's at the beverly wilshire.
where's that?
beverly wilshire - lee's hotel room - day
lee's in the can.
who's who?
this guy's packin'.
let's all have a seat.
they all sit around a fancy glass table except for boris, who's getting the coffee, and monty, who's standing behind lee's chair.
after "apocalypse now" i think it's the best vietnam movie ever.
"sophie's choice", "ordinary people", "kramer vs. kramer", "gandhi".
boris starts placing clear-glass coffee cups in front of everybody and fills everybody's cup from a fancy coffee pot that he handles like an expert.
"mad max", that's a movie.
"the good, the bad, and the ugly", that's a movie.
"rio bravo", that's a movie.
"rumble fish", that's a fuckin' movie.
and, "coming home in a body bag", that's a movie.
what's this guy doin'?
lee's room
clarence, my friend, and i call you my friend because we have similar interests, let's take a look at what you have for me.
lee's room
what was the jew-boy's name?
lee's room
lee's looking over the cocaine and sampling it.
now, that's practically uncut.
no thanks, my stomach's a little upset.
that's why i always eat at lawreys.
but, whenever i'm offered a deal that's too good to be true, it's because it's a lie.
lee's room
well, lee, it's like this.
i'm a punk kid who picked up a rock in the street, only to find out it's the hope diamond.
it's worth a million dollars, but i can't get the million dollars for it.
it's all found money to me anyway.
he's not a dirty cop, he's a good cop.
that's wild.
this fucking guy's a madman.
lee's room
what's your part in this?
lee's room
i'd like to use the little boy's room.
let's go get 'em.
beverly wilshire - lee's hotel room - bathroom - day
as soon as it's shut he starts doing the twist.
he can't believe he's pulled it off.
after i said it i thought, that's a cool line, i gotta remember that.
lee's room
everything's just as it was.
everybody's gonna get killed!
ok, let's everybody calm down and get nice.
that's why it doesn't come across as ass-kissin', because it's genuine, and he can see that.
elvis fixes clarence's collar.
lee's room
dick's ready to pass out.
alabama's so scared she pees on herself.
for elliot, this has been the worst day of his life, and he's just about had it.
he grabs the coffee pot off the table and flings hot coffee into elliot's face.
marvin fires his shotgun, hits nicholson in the back, nicholson's body jerks back and forth then on the floor.
clarence's face is awash with blood.
the hallway's empty but we hear footsteps approaching fast.
dick runs into the elevator area, he hits the buttons, he's trapped, it's like a box.
in the bathroom, alabama's pounding on clarence's bloody chest, trying to get his heart started.
it's not working.
the uzi's tossed out.
it's two against one now!
the shotgun's tossed out from behind the sofa.
dick's sitting on the ground, he can't believe any of this.
stewardess's room - day
lee's room
he's lying on the kitchen floor.
everything's under control here.
i'm gonna go see what's goin' on outside.
get back or i'll blow this bitch's brains to kingdom come!
lee's room
she's a sixteen-calibre kitten, equally equipped for killin' an' lovin'!
he's hit in the head and flung to the floor.
alabama's driving fast down the freeway.
she's muttering to herself.
<meta file=quentin-tarantino_from-dusk-till-dawn.txt>
it reads: benny's
it's about an hour and a half before sundown and mcgraw is off duty for the day.
benny's world of liquor - day
sighs awww, it's just been a shitass day.
who knows what goes on inside mongoloid's mind?
besides, nadine's got enough of a cross to bear just taking care of that potato head.
that's all that's been on the box all day.
he's used my toilet a thousand times.
i want that son-of-a-bitch out outta here, in his car, and down the road or you can change the name of this place to "benny's world of blood."
richard, holding tightly the hand of the terrified girl, leans next to seth's ear and whispers something.
richard whispers something else in seth's ear.
i'm simply saying that if i was scratching, and if i did scratch, it's not because i was signaling the cop, it's because i'm fuckin' scared shitless.
the ranger's taking a piss.
seth and richard hit the ground firing their .45's.
benny's world of liquor - day
close-up: seth's foot punches gas.
seth behind the wheel, pops open a bottle of prescription pills, empties out four of the red capsules in his hand, pops them in his mouth, and washes it back with a slug of jack daniel's from a pint bottle.
like a boxer, richard wraps his wounded hand with gaffer's tape.
emma and pete's gravy train - day
emma and pete's gravy train is a truck stop off of highway
emma and pete's gravy train - day
emma and pete's patrons are made up of regulars, truckers, cowboys and road-weary travelers.
scott, age 16, is a jacob's vietnamese adopted son.
that's real wood, too, not that fake stuff.
to scott it's the bitterest of pills.
besides, i want to have one night's sleep in an honest- to-goodness bed.
there's an awkward moment of silence before...
that's very nice of ted, but i'll call him tomorrow and tell him not to bother waiting.
after jenny's death, this is probably the last thing you need.
after jenny died, i just thought, what's the point?
pushing him it's just, all our lives you've been a pastor.
every person who chooses the service of god as their life's work has something in common.
mom's got nothing to say, she's dead.
he's eating a bbq rib.
they don't have anything except four walls and a roof, and that's all we need.
it's empty.
seth's pov: a woman in her late forties is lying scrunched up in the trunk.
she's stiff, scared and looks an absolute mess.
seth and richard's room - day
how's it feel?
how's that feel?
richie has the tv remote control in his hand and he's flipping stations.
it's about five o'clock.
i'm going towards the border to check things out while it's still daylight.
that's their standard deal, brother.
it's scripture.
what's your name?
hello, gloria, i'm seth and that's my brother richie.
let's cut to the chase.
seth takes the .45, places the barrel next to the woman's cheek.
crossing's gonna be a bitch.
seth and richard's motel room - night
...seth gecko was serving time in rolling's kansas state penitentiary for his part in the 1988 scott city bank robbery in which two law enforcement officers lost their lives.
video footage: of benny's world of liquor burning down.
we have reason to believe it was the youngest brother richard, and he was shot in the vicinity of his neck and shoulders by the store's clerk.
i would say that's a very safe assumption.
newscaster's voice is it safe to assume since the law enforcement authorities in the great state of texas are homosexuals of a sick and deviate nature, that they will be too busy fucking each other up the ass to actually catch the gecko brothers?
in an fbi voice i would say that's a very safe assumption.
that's about as close as i risked getting.
what's the tv say?
let's just dig in and wait for things to cool down.
richie, it's gonna get a lot fuckin' worse before it gets any fuckin' better.
where's the woman?
seth's out of his chair.
she's in the other room.
it's obvious richard raped her and killed her.
to himself oh, richard, what's wrong with you?
what's the matter with you?
low and calm there's nothing wrong with me, brother.
it's not your fault, it's her fault!
what you doin' ain't how it's done.
whispers in richie's ear we get into mexico, it's gonna be sweet rosemary, hundred-proof liquor, and rice and beans.
none of this shit's gonna matter.
the motor home's parked in front of the dew drop inn's front office.
i can't believe he's stopping here.
there's nothing wrong with this place.
it's a flop house.
it's not a flop house.
it's basic and simple.
that's all i care about.
he's thinking about how he's going to get over the border tonight.
lost in thought, he steps out in the path of the fuller's motor home.
what's this guy's problem?
a smile breaks out on the escaped fugitive's face and he politely steps to one side to let them pass.
the sword of damocles is lifted from above seth's head.
he's just solved a problem that a mere thirty seconds ago seemed unsolvable.
he knows exactly how he's going to cross the border.
the fullers are in room #12. it's identical to the one that the gecko boys are in, except that the paintings above the beds are different.
he sees richard and seth both inside the room with the door closed, both with .45's in their hands, both aimed at him.
it's called a punch.
scott suddenly becomes aware of what's going on around him and instinctively stands.
richard shoves his .45 in scott's mouth.
to jacob what's your name?
keeping the gun in scott's mouth, richard makes scott rise...
richard removes the gun from scott's mouth and stands next to his brother, looking down at their two hostages.
to his hostages what's the story with you two?
he's my son.
what's this about, money?
it's about money, all right, but not yours.
what's going on?
to kate it's okay, honey.
everything's going to be all right.
richard's eyes go to seth.
my children are not going with you, and that's that.
angry that's not fuckin' that... holds up his gun this is fuckin' this.
he cocks the gun and puts it right in jacob's face what's it gonna be, yes or no answer?
to scott your old man's all right, he just saved your life.
okay, ramblers, let's get to rambling.
richard's in the back bed area with a gun trained on kate and scott.
what's in mexico?
seth sits in the passenger seat, going through jacob's wallet and talking to him calmly.
reading his driver's license jacob fuller.
jacob, that's biblical, ain't it?
who's this?
she's dead?
he sees jacob's minister's license.
don't be so sensitive, pops, let's keep this friendly.
now, there's two ways we can play this hand.
now, i don't give a rat's ass about you or your fuckin' family.
everybody's happy.
and i don't think you wanna be worrying about my brother's intentions toward your daughter all night.
better you not take it, and that's just where we are, then take it and not mean it.
richard's in the back with kate and scott.
richard, expressionless, looks at kate's bare feet.
slow zoom kate's bare feet
ex close-up kate's toes.
slow zoom kate's hands ex close-up kate's fingers
slow zoom nape of kate's neck
ex close-up kate's adam's apple.
side profile of kate, slow zoom to kate's lips
pulling up to the end of the line is the fuller's mobile home.
okay everybody, it's show time.
well, you just keep thinkin' of that gun next to kate's temple.
kate's eyes are wide with fear.
it's gonna work just fine,
everyone's quiet for a second, till richard breaks it.
kate can't believe what she's watching.
he's running the show.
there's a honk behind them.
it's their turn with the border patrol guards.
a stern border guard approaches jacob's window.
oh, that's just my daughter in the bathroom.
we can only see kate's face.
it's scared.
then it's quiet.
it's the border patrol.
it's open.
we hear the door open and see the light change on kate's face.
she's looking up.
it's clear.
kate, emerging from the bathroom, reacts to seth's scream, along with scott.
jacob doesn't share seth's enthusiasm, but he is relieved.
now it's time for your part, letting us go.
then stop, 'cause that's where we're going.
oh, fuck, seth, that's my only pair!
yeah, like a mexican hole-in-the- wall's gonna have my fuckin' prescription.
it's not a big deal, unless you make it a big deal.
biker/trucker bar, dusk till dawn underneath the joint's proud name on the sign, and on top of "biker/trucker bar, dusk till dawn" is a well-endowed woman, whose breast is being twisted by a neon hand.
what's left of the fuller family and the gecko family look out the windshield onto the sight that is the titty twister.
here's the deal; this place closes at dawn.
now, if everybody just keeps playin' it cool -- and i'm talking to you, too, richie -- everybody's gonna get what they want.
okay hard drinkers, let's drink hard.
that's what you think?
that's how you're lookin', richie.
that's what you look like.
that's not what seth expected to hear.
you're so pleased with yourself about getting into mexico, you think the job's down.
that's a fuck-with-you-bar.
you're just not used to seein' me happy, 'cause it's been about fifteen fuckin' years since i been happy.
richard believes seth's response.
they walk toward the bar's entrance.
in microphone, towards kate what's this?
chet pokes his finger in seth's chest.
seth grabs hold of chet's finger, bends it backwards till the bone snaps in two.
seth violently brings his head forward pulverizing chet's
seth hooks him with a powerful fist under his chin that snaps chet's head back, and throws him on his back.
after hitting the ground, seth sends a savage kick straight to chet's face, rolling him over.
everyone's in shock and looks at seth.
big emilio almost magically appears behind seth and places his big beefy sausage-fingered hand hard on seth's shoulder.
now wait a minute, there's no reason to get ugly.
there's just a misunderstanding going on here.
that's mine.
in order to drive that legally, you need a class two driver's license.
this is a truck driver's bar, i am a truck driver, and these are my friends.
everybody's a little stunned after jacob's speech.
seth brushes off big emilio's paw.
razor charlie's eyes go to seth.
even though he has a big smile on his face, he looks like he's going to kill seth.
seth's still frying an egg on his head.
that's just fuckin' typical.
biggest number one problem with mexico, it's not service oriented.
razor charlie knows seth's taunting him with a racial slur, but he just smiles and says,
we just hang on the evil wheels turning inside of razor charlie's head.
a big-chested, wild-haired blonde catches scott's eye.
richard leans over and whispers in scott's ear.
it's on me, kiddo.
he gives the boy's neck a squeeze.
jacob's eyes survey the surroundings.
scott takes the drink and he, too, experiences an one- drinker's tremor.
he's smilin' at us.
but behind his smile, he's sayin', "fuck you jack."
there's no way you could get across.
seth pours booze in jacob's glass and his own.
i take it that's yours.
yeah, it's mine.
everyone's groovin'.
the opening notes of the coaster's "down in mexico" fills the room.
he goes over to razor charlie and points at seth's table, describing what happened.
she lifts up her foot, with the whiskey dripping from her toes, and sticks it in richard's face.
kate, oddly enough, is turned on by the controlling power this woman has over a man she's deathly feared.
the song ends, santanico extracts her foot from richard's mouth.
his mouth opens because she's hurting him.
she leans her face over his like she's going to kiss him.
then let's the whiskey from her mouth fall into his.
she lets go of richard's hair.
now that's what i call a fuckin' show!
one of santanico's flunkies brings the naked woman a robe, which she puts on.
don't you know the big bad wolf is walking these woods and if he finds you he's gonna pull down your dress and squeeze your titties?"
so finally she comes across the big bad wolf and the big bad wolf's laughing and says: "little red riding hood, you know better than to be walking around these woods alone.
then little red riding hood whips out her .357, cocks it, sticks it in the big bad wolf's face and says: "no you won't.
that's all big emilio has to hear.
santanico, who's closest to the two brothers, smells something.
scarred for life, that's how i am!
chet's blown left... right... left... right... then drops, pointing their guns towards the crowd.
slow motion: blood drips down the side of seth's face.
slow motion: blood drips from richard's shoulder.
we move into santanico's face.
looks up and watches, eyes wide with fear, santanico's transformation.
her nose recedes into her face like a rodent's.
santanico leaps across the floor, lands on his back and sinks her fangs into richie's wounded shoulder.
seth turns to his brother's cry.
he sees santanico pandemonium, like a mongoose attached to a cobra, legs wrapped around richard's waist, fangs buried deep in his shoulder, and richard screaming and slamming about, trying to knock her off.
seth tries to aim his gun, but there's too much movement.
richard, who's on all fours, tries to stand and gets about half way before he stops, saying:
whores, who had been sitting on customer's laps, sink their teeth into unshaven necks.
let's see if you taste as good as your brother.
the vamp might have superhuman strength, but sex machine has close to superhuman strength, and he's matching the vamp bitch blow for blow.
frost plunges the splintered end of the cue in razor charlie's heart.
green blood comes out of his chest, as charlie screams the vampire's death scream.
big emilio sees santanico's fiery death.
fangs grow in big emilio's mouth that make him look like a huge walking shark.
just when big emilio's ready to strike, he hears behind him,
once on the floor, seth and jacob, stand over the huge vamp, beating him with clubs and pipes, like l.a.'s finest.
that's enough.
he snaps off the end tip, making it jagged, and like a spear, sticks it into big vamp's fallen body.
chet's eyes roll up back into his head.
he plunges the stake into his own heart, but instead of the vampire's cry that escapes from the others upon being staked, chet lets out a sigh of relief.
all that's left on the vampire side are two naked dancers and two whores.
kate and scott run from behind the bar to their father's side.
at that moment a bright flash erupts, illuminating everyone's face.
it's locked.
they bang on the door, but it's useless.
he walks over to his dead brother's body and kneels beside it.
seth goes to kiss his brother's lips when, richard's eyes pop open.
richard pulls seth down to striking distance and opens his mouth to take the big bite, when sex machine grabs seth from behind and yanks him from richard's grasp.
richard sees the wood in the biker's hand.
that's a matter of opinion, and i don't give a fuck about your's.
richard's giggling.
seth, still holding the outstretched gun, takes the stake out of sex machine's hand.
the smile evaporates from richard's face.
richie, here's the peace in death i could never give you in life.
seth puts the stake over richard's heart.
using the butt of his .45 like a hammer, he pounds the stake into richard's heart.
the world's my oyster, except for the fact that i just rammed a wooden stake in my brother's heart because he turned into a vampire, even though i don't believe in vampires.
aside from that unfortunate business, everything's hunky-dory.
i'm sorry he's dead.
i'm sorry everybody's dead.
no, it's more of a gnawing sound.
it's bats.
everyone's scared shitless and nobody has the slightest idea what to do next.
everyone's so busy they don't notice their new friend.
the dead biker vamp sets his sights on kate, who's putting a board into place.
the vamp holds her close to him in a bear hug, but she's moving around so much he can't get a clear bite.
sex machine, big emilio's baseball bat in hand, is halfway to the rescue.
as the biker vamp opens his mouth to take a juicy bite out of kate's shoulder, kate rams her head back, hitting the vamp in the mouth and breaking his fangs.
he releases her and spits out his teeth just as sex machine runs up and swings the baseball bat upside the vamp's head, breaking the bat in two and sending the vamp to the floor.
as the vamp lies on the floor seeing stars, sex machine grabs one of the broken ends of the bat and shoves it in the vamp's heart.
sex machine raises his stake as cat cap dies and drives it in the vamp's black heart.
to kate what's your name, girly?
kate, what's yours?
kate, let's stake these blood-sucker fuckers.
seth, who is barricading doors and window, looks in scott's direction.
once seth hits the ground, the bat-thing which has the body of a fat rat with a bat's large wingspan lickity-split runs up seth's body to his juggler.
seth's hand grabs the bat's neck, and tries to push it away.
but the bat-thing has its claws dug in seth's clothes.
the bat-thing is just inches from seth's face.
sex machine screams, then brings the stake down in the body's chest.
frost holds the flapping, fighting, snapping bat-thing in front of him at arm's length.
he then throws the bat- thing on the bar, turns it over, garbs a pencil in a cup next to the register, and rams it in the bat-thing's heart.
there's a flash of flames, followed by a pile of goo.
okay, does anybody here know what's going on?
yeah, i know what's going on.
that's it, plain and simple.
he's right.
in order for it to have any power, i think it's gotta be an official crucifix.
what's an official cross?
if a cross works against vampires, it's not the cross itself, it's what the cross represents.
that's werewolves.
when's sunrise?
yeah, that's true, but i doubt our barricades, that door, those plastered windows and these walls will last two more hours with those bat fucks fuckin' with 'em.
i take it the answer's no.
he points at jacob he's a preacher.
as far as god's concerned, we might just as well be a piece of fuckin' shit.
but he's one of the boys.
but a man who's a servant of god can grab a cross, shove it in these monsters' asses.
well, i changed my lifetime tune about thirty minutes ago' cause i know, without a doubt, what's out there trying to get in here is pure evil straight from hell.
and if there is a hell, and those monsters are from it, there's got to be a heaven.
jacob sticks out his hand and shakes seth's.
a grenade blew up right next to me, that's why i'm so pretty.
he's having a hot flash.
he's looking at frost speaking, but he doesn't hear any sound.
he turns around: nobody's there.
we hear sex machine's thought in a voice answer.
it just hurt like a son-of-a-bitch, that's all.
sex machine looks at frost, who's acting out his story.
he's describing all the while, but we can't hear anything.
he stares at each of their necks, closer and closer until he can see the veins on frost's neck actually pulsating, throbbing, beckoning to him.
jacob gets his arm around sex machine's neck and tries pulling.
sex machine takes his teeth out of the biker's neck and sinks them in jacob's arm.
sex machine's nostrils flare.
frost's face collides with sex machine's fist.
the bat-thing's head, which is inside, screams, howls and snaps in fury.
he fires four shots that blow the bat vamp's head all over the wall.
daddy's dead.
he's right, kate.
daddy's dead!
he's beyond our help.
just then they hear jacob's voice booming from the bar room.
the creatures stand at the edge of jacob's force field of holiness.
kate is crying, she knows what's happened to her father.
what's this stuff?
my guess is that this little dive's been feeding on nomad road waifs like bikers and truckers for a longtime.
jacob, with seth's knife, etches a cross into every bullet in the .45 automatic's last full clip of ammo.
it's not suicide if you're already dead.
okay, i'll kill you when you change, i swear to god in jesus christ's name.
okay, vampire killers, let's kill some fuckin' vampires.
kate turns into a squirt gun firing, water-balloon throwing, one-woman army, as she breaks from her father and heads in seth's direction.
kate takes seth's hand and gives him a couple of water balloons and a stake.
he wonders if he's gone deaf.
jacob, with a devilish grin on his face, grabs scott and sinks his teeth into scott's forearm.
scott takes one of the water balloons he's wearing and smashes it against jacob's head.
the holy water melts half of jacob's face away.
scott's eyes turn to steel.
i swear to god, in jesus christ's name.
he fires, sending a holy bullet into jacob's forehead, creating a hole from which fire shoots out.
jacob's entire head bursts into flames, then explodes.
a bat-thing lands on the back of scott's neck.
another bat-thing lands on scott's arm and takes a bite.
seth holds the uzi like a club, ready to bash in the first vampire's head that gets in swinging distance.
the .45's empty.
they catch their breath by carlos's mercedes.
i don't know, one place's as good as another.
it's out in the middle of nowhere.
and it's open from dusk till dawn.
well, because you picked that place out of a hat, my brother's dead now.
and this girl's family's dead.
jesus christ, carlos, my brother's dead and he's not coming back, and it's all your fault.
it's hardly been used at all.
that's like new.
so let's do it.
carlos, danny and manny pile into carlo's white mercedes.
seth's in his car and gone.
<meta file=quentin-tarantino_kill-bill.txt>
"2" 2.   the comatose bride 3.   the man from okinawa 4.   showdown at house of blue leaves 5.   yuki's revenge 6.
then a man's voice talks over the breathing;
man's voice o.s.
a hand belonging to the off-screen man's voice enters frame holding a white handkerchief with the name "bill" sewn in the corner, and begins tenderly wiping away the blood from the young woman's face.
and of the    world's corrupters bill stands alone.
bill's voice o.s.
bill's voice o.s.
we also see we're in a wedding chapel that's been redecorated by blood death and gunfire.
bill's voice o.s.
it's your baby.
that's tim, arthur's best friend.
that's his girlfriend janeen.
that's my best friend from work erica.
that's the minister.
that's his wife.
that's arthur.
name on his driver's license was charles arthur plympton, but for some reason he preferred arthur.
and that, that's me.
actually bill's last bullet put me in a coma.
as a female-sung ballad of heartbreaking lament plays on the soundtrack, we see the credits of "kill bill" play over the bride in her bridal gown, driving to the film's climax.
the sequence ends with the bride arriving at bill's home.
ex cu the bride's eyeball in glorious color cu of the bride in glorious color she's sitting in a parked pickup truck.
the bride's pov: a very homey three-bedroom house in the affluent suburb of pasadena, california.
the housewife's face shows immediate recognition of the blonde on her doorstep.
a black woman punches her in the face... we see it's the black housewife, five years earlier.
whenever we hear this theme throughout the picture, we'll quickly learn what accompanies it is the bride goin krakatoa all over whoever's ass happens to be in front of her at that moment.
as the vengeance theme plays, a vein in the bride's forehead begins to pulsate.
housewife's nice home - day
a sog is a long, double-edged knife that's as sharp as a razor, and is what navy seals use to kill humans with.
the two warrior women whose eyes reflect only combat concentration, suddenly switch upon hearing the four-year old's voice.
the housewife's eyes flash a look of pleading to the eyes of the bride.
the little girl is flabbergasted at the mess, and the condition of her mother, who looks like she's just been in a bar room brawl.
oh, that good for nothin dog of yours, got his little ass in the living room and acted a damn fool, that's what happened.
now baby, you    can't come in here, there's broken    glass all over the floor, and you    gonna cut yourself.
the little girl's eyes go to the blonde lady in the living room who she ain't never seen before, who also looks like she's been fighting.
this is a old friend of mommy's i ain't seen in a long time.
hello sweety, i'm bleep, what's your name?
 whenever during the picture somebody says the bride's real name, it will be bleeped out on the soundtrack, ...that is, till i want you to know.
as the housewife fixes the coffee, we hear the bride's voiceover on the soundtrack:
this pasadena homemaker's name is jeanne bell.
the two combat artists sit at the kitchen table, drinking coffee out of vernita's coffee mugs.
pause so i suppose it's a little late for a apology, huh?
that's being more rational than bill led me to believe you were capable of.
well that's a demonstration of bill's complete ignorance when it comes to the subject of me, and what i'm thinking, and what i might do.
it's mercy, compassion, and forgiveness i lack, not rationality.
failure to keep our date, or duplicity of any kind, will result in me putting a xoxo hollow point bullet into the back of your skull from a window of a building across the street from nikki's elementary school.
-- but that's where you're wrong, vernita.
i would have to kill you, go into nikki's room, kill her, then wait for your old man, dr. bell, to come home and kill him.
no, my unborn daughter will just hafta be satisfied with your death at her mother's hands.
that's about as long as i'll wait.
there's a baseball diamond where our little league has its games, about a mile from here.
i have to fix nikki's cereal.
while her left hand holds the table,    her right hand goes to the sog on her belt, her fingers wrap    around the blade's grip, lifting it up out of the sheath    and plunging it through the table top up to the handle, with    all the sog's steel entering vernita's abdomen.
and the blonde wipes the girl's mother's blood off her    blade.
vernita's home - day
the bride walks down the dead woman's driveway to her vehicle.
she climbs into her big, yellow pickup truck, with the words "pussy wagon" written across the flatbed's hatch door in a pimpy font.
she takes out a ringed notebook and turns to a page that's headline reads;
the bride takes a black felt pen and draws a line through vernita's name.
turns on the truck's engine and drives out of the residential district.
although we're only in a tight cu, we can tell a few things: one, she's in her hospital room; two, she's alone; three, it's night; and four, one hellva rainstorm is pounding outside.
left side                   right side cu the bride's unblinking        the back of the yellow comatose sleep.
slicker - walking in the rain towards the hospital's entrance.
cu the bride in her coma         cu the hospital's electrical doors -
cu the bride                     ex cu of a white in her coma                      woman's shapely stepping into a sheer, white stocking.
insert: of those long, into a white nurse's
insert: of white, sheer into white nurse's
"a lethal cocktail of bill's own concoction.
insert: the deadly a nurse's tray
insert:    a little white nurse's    cap is placed on top    of the woman's blonde    head.
the door marked "ladies" is opened, and a beautiful 6-foot blonde in a white nurse's uniform, with a matching white eye patch over her left eye, steps out, carrying the nurse's tray with the "goodbye forever"-filled syringe on it.
she walks down the corridor towards the sleeping bride's room.
member of the deadly viper assassination squad codename: california mountain snake" stay with elle's side
the bride's hospital room - night
ex cu elle driver's eye and white eye patch looking down at her sleeping target, victim, rival, and opposite number.
ex cu the bride's eyes wide open - blank stare.
elle standing over the bride's hospital bed, says to her;
you were a master of a profession that's most difficult to master.
we can tell by her face, he's making some sense.
elle leans closer to the bride's face.
the bride does one of her motor reflex functions...she spits in elle's face.
elle driver in her nurse's uniform, angrily walks down the hallway.
the comatose bride's hospital room - night
of mosquito on the bride's forearm, its stinger dug in her flesh, visibly drawing blood from its host.
cu mosquito's face drinking her blood.
drinking blood...when the bride's hand comes into frame and squashes the bug flat.
the bride's two eyes fill with tears as she realizes her baby is long gone.
she hears the step...step...step...of bill's boots walking
inside of it we see bill's black boots walking across the wood floor of the wedding chapel.
hospital corridor the bride's floor - night
we see a hospital orderly's bright red and white reeboks softly slapping against the smooth surface of the institution's floor.
they make a sound nothing like bill's shoes.
the bride listening to them            orderly's reeboks walking getting closer.
with orderly's sneakers.
orderly's face, leading two truckdrivers.
the bride hears bill's voice speak for the orderly;
bill's voice                            orderly in time                              in time she's right in here.
she's right in here.
stay with the bride's screen
except knowing she's awake, and sees everything in front of her, creates a slightly different effect.
we however will never see bill's face completely.
she can't believe she's being exhibited in this manner.
here's the rules; rule    number one; no punchin 'er.
nurse comes in tomorrow    an she got 'er a shiner - or less    some teeth, jig's up.
way, this little cunt's a spitter - it's a motor reflex thing but spit or no, no punchin.
but after that, it's allll goooood.
oh by the way, not all the time, but sometimes this cunt's cunt can get drier than a bucket of sand.
and with that, the orderly's gone.
the bride's pov: as soon as he leaves the two truckers start giggling.
while he looks down to accomplish this, the bride's pov
warren drops his levi's to his ankles.
go out in the hall and i'll let ya know when it's your turn.
the bride's room - night
he moves to his buddy, who's dead.
which means she's stuck on the floor with only a functioning top half, and a completely useless bottom half.
what's a girl to do?
back to the bride she hears the sound of bill's boots approaching the room...
she sees gerald has a trucker's knife in a holster attached to his belt.
the orderly swaggers down the hall to the bride's room, red reeboks slapping against the smooth floor.
cu the bride she snaps the knife's blade open in her cu.
the orderly pushes open the bride's door, stopping in shock.
the orderly's pov: he sees an empty bed with bloodstains on it, two dead truckers on the floor, and no bride.
he's in both excruciating pain, and quite sure he's lost his mind, since at this moment he's lying on the floor, looking up at the comatose bride asking him questions.
where's bill?
that's mine.
then the bride looks down and sees two tatoos on the orderly's hand - one spelling "b.u.c.k."
we see    buck enter her room that first night, five years ago....    he's holding in his hand one of those big flashlights you use    in a tent when camping.
well ma'am, i'm from longview texas, my name's buck, and i'm here to fuck.
your name's buck, right?
she searches the dead man's    pockets,    coming up with a brown wallet that says on it, "big    el paso    pimpin," loaded with lettuce.
she    gathers    up all these items, and gerald's knife, then begins    to strip    buck of his orderly uniform.
the elevator doors to the hospital's underground parking lot open, revealing the bride in buck's orderly scrubs in a wheelchair.
the bride looks at buck's key chain in her hand.
backseat of buck's truck - night
the bride pulls herself up into the backseat of buck's pickup truck.
now the bride's lying vertically in    buck's truck's backseat.
seemingly out of danger - at least    out of sight - but she's still stuck hiding in the hospital.
as i lay in the back of buck's pickup truck, trying to will my limbs out of entropy, i could see the faces of the cunts who did this to me, and the dick responsible.
members all of bill's brainchild; "the deadly viper assassination squad."
for what looks like a 60's television show about an all-girl hit squad, complete with its own lalo shiffrin theme music.
the    image    freezes... and the show's title in an especially cool    font    and logo the black silhouette of five sexy gals each    with    a samurai sword hanging from their hip, and one guy in a    black    suit appear beneath it.
screen goes orange except for a scope-sight rifle graphic with crosshairs over the bride's face.
"starring the bride's real name is covered by a stamp that reads as black mamba"
we move into a head and shoulders cu of the bride's black
we move fast to o-ren ishii's silhouette, the silhouette becomes a posed picture of o-ren in all her deadly viper glory.
and the rape, then murder of her mother at the hands of japan's most ruthless yakuza boss, boss matsumoto.
the boss's screams cause two of boss's men to run into the room, only to be shot down by o-ren, as she removes a gun from a holster strapped to her thigh.
he's laughing as the    top of his head is
at twenty-three she joined bill's deadly vipers...
cu the bride in buck's truck an hour and a half later from the last time we saw her.
cu the bride's big toe wiggles - slightly.
hart part's over.
now let's get these other piggies wiggling.
we hear a car door open offscreen, then the bride's bare foot comes from above frame, stepping down into the shot.
she walks around to the driver's side and climbs in.
she sticks buck's ignition key in its slot and turns.
the truck's engine rumbles to life.
the bride drives buck's big, yellow pussy wagon all over el paso buying supplies.
her feet, legs, and ass slip into a new pair of levi's.
she opens buck's "big el paso pimpin" wallet, and pays for the items.
and finally, she cries for all the misery she will cause the undeserving......enroute to bill's retribution.
when she's finished shedding tears, is when she'll begin shedding blood.
it's that woman, in her new outfit, that climbs into the yellow pussy wagon, puts the t.c.b.
buck's truck driving in desert moving - night
she lifts it off the ground, there's an x on it's underside.
cu the bride's cowboy boots next to the x rock in time with the metal, the bride's cowboy boots count out ten paces from the rock.
deep in the middle of fuck-knows texas, lit by the headlights of buck's 4x4, the bride digs a hole in the ground......till...
1 silver steel boomerang, w/ a double-sided razor's edge w/ holster.
insert: 1 bank book and 1 driver's license w/ the bride's photo on it and the name "candy ralston" on each.
...it's filled w/ cash.
...it's filled w/ cash.
....it's filled w/ cash.
inside the bag are 14 forged passports and driver's licenses in 14 different names.
of bill's own concoction.
we see she's holding a clean white handkerchief.
she's sewing the name "bill" in the corner.
she doesn't come across as one of the world's deadliest assassins, but instead as a sweet, slightly airheaded, american tourist.
the bride thinks the restaurant so small it's almost hard to imagine there could be a back room to it.
oh...let's see..."arigato."
the sushi chef goes "oooh" like he's just discovered the answer to a mystery.
no kidding, i heard it's kinda hard.
how did you know tuna's my favorite?
tuna's my favorite.
there's a break in the sushi chef's slicing.
hattori hanzo's attic - day
hanzo's mouth froms a smile.
then suddenly - he throws the baseball hard, right at the bride's head....
he takes both sword and sheath from her... yet proud tho i am of my life's work... ...he closes them together i am retired.
she smiles slightly...then moves over to the window, takes out a handkerchief, and wipes bill's name off.
under black we hear hattori hanzo's voice in japanese and read the subtitles;
at the base of the sheath, by the handle, he's carved the face of a lioness...
it's a forest.
and like a forest it's easy to lose your way...to get lost... to forget where you came in.
"when engaged in combat, the vanquishing of thine enemy can be the warrior's only concern...
we see japamation-style images of the bride's verbiage.
o-ren's ability is simply amazing.
the subject of o-ren's blood and nationality came up before the council only once.
what's the meaning of this outburst?
o-ren's samurai sword is unsheathed...
boss tanaka's head is liberated from its body...
the bosses who were shocked at tanaka's words are even more flabbergasted at o-ren's resonse.
the two bodyguard's, standing behind boss tanaka, hands go to their swords and draw them.
now if any of you sonsabitches got anything else to say, now's the fuckin time.
ex cu of an eyeball the bride's
ex cu of an ear, the bride's fingers come into frame and move blonde hair out of the sensory appendage's way.
and finally there's a tall dark american in a black suit sans kato mask -- that's o-ren's head of security, mr. barrel.
the mop tops in black suits and kato masks were o-ren's soldiers, "the crazy 88."
the pretty lady who's dressed like she's a villain on star trek is o-ren's best friend and her lawyer, sofie fatale.
and finally, the american in the black suit but sans kato mask, o-ren's head of security, mr. barrel.
it's almost as if she's listening to the bride's narration.
the bride's narration suddenly stops in midsentence --
cu the bride dressed in a kimono on the other side of the private dining room's paper wall.
o-ren's action instantly brings the room's frivolity to a halt.
the white paper door to o-ren's dining room slams open.
she observes all the activity by o-ren's private dining room.
between cu's of the two women, face to face.
i'm mistress ishii's attorney.
o-ren's private room
it's crazy 88 miki's turn at the mike and he's having a whale
of a good time singing dionne warwick's "walk on by," in japanese....
they see o-ren's lawyer, sofie fatale, standing in the middle of the restaurant, her left arm completely outstretched, hand gripped around a post.
before anybody on o-ren's side of the room can say anything ...the bride steps out from behind sofie.
o-ren's reaction shows how effective the element of surprise turned out to be.
she says the bride's name softly to herself; it's
she raises her hanzo sword, and slices off sofie's arm at the shoulder with one stroke.
seated in a shogun's seat, rises furiously to her feet.
the bride does a swipe in the air with her sword; sofie's blood flies off the blade.
the restaurant's staff and patrons sit or stand rigidly in fear.
there's some private business that we must attend to now.
the hanzo sword slices miki's inferior blade in half.
the bride thrusts her sword through miki's abdomen, then lifts the little guy off the ground straight up in the air.
the last two put up more of a fight...but then one of them is slashed and falls and the last one is slashed and crashes through the restaurant's big picture window.
as she matches skill with the army of black-suited boys, arms flailing, silver blade clashing and slashing, long blonde hair whipping like a whirling dervish.... ...she's a goddess of war venus.
many members of the crazy 88 are sliced, slashed, and liberated from the limbs they were born with at the bride's blade.
...embedding itself longways in one of the boy's faces.
the bride does a mid-air somersault over the head of an attacker, landing solid on her feet behind him...slash, he's out.
the bride is knocked to the floor, her attacker stands over her to spear the young blonde, her legs spring up in the air, ankles lock around the boy's neck.
with his neck still in the vise-like grip of her ankles, she removes the sog knife from its sheath and plunges it deep into the boy's chest.
yanking the boomerang out of the dead boy's face, she sends it flying in the charging man's path...
...chopping off the charging attacker's foot in mid step, he falls flat.
the bride jumps up onto an attacker's shoulders.
she locks her legs around him so he's helpless at shaking her off.
...she swings down with her sword, and cuts the man's hands off.
when she's through she brings the blade across the man she's perched on's throat.
as soon as her soles touch ground, she's off his shoulders, somersaulting on the floor, bringing her blade up between an attacker's legs into his groin.
it's the male.
the bride's swing, that's neither clashed or blocked, slices off his right arm.
only half of the crazy 88s that started the fight remain alive, or intact...they start to approach...the bride, still holding the sword that's still impaling the skilled attacker, backs up, keeping his body between her and the remaining killers.
the seven remaining sword-weilding, black-suited boys moved out of range of the bride's blade when she dropped to the floor.
ex cu the bride's eyes pointed up, watch them move closer, color comes back into the film.
go go stands by the restaurant's junction box, she flips the switch.
the crazy 7 make a wide circle around the blonde who's still on the floor....
finally the last of o-ren's soldiers falls to the bride's sword.
with a big "whoosh" in the air, the blood of o-ren's subordinates fly off the blonde avenger's blade.
go go steps forward and removes her weapon, it's not a samurai sword.
it's a heavy metal ball at the end of a long chain.
go go lets loose with the balls and chain...it wraps around the bride's ankle...go go yanks...
...the bride's leg is yanked out from under her, she fall crashing through another table.
go go lets her left earlobe get too close to the bride's mouth...the bride bites down on it.
o-ren is up, and wraps the chain around the bride's neck and begins to strangle.
the chain digs into the bride's throat.
the bride brings the table    leg, which    has a couple of    nasty looking nails in it, hard    against the    japanese girl's    thigh.
the bride brings the table leg down on the toe of the young girl's white tennis shoe.
the bride rises from the floor and begins, twirling go go's weapon above her head.
we see her face as she's delivered a death blow right behind it.
like a discarded rag doll, go go yubari tumbles down the staircase landing in a pile at the bride's feet.
it's not too late to quit.
and there's absolutely positively no way i'm going to leave here without taking that satisfaction.
don't say "can't", there are no "cant's."
the bride acts like she's embarrassed to witness what she just saw.
mr. barrel spins in o-ren's direction shooting her a look she's never seen from him before.
as he walks, when he's parallel with   the bride, he stops and    says;
before he exits the restaurant, he throws a look in sofie's direction, who's lying minus her arm in a pool of her own blood, and says;
the bride just smiles at her rival's response.
o-ren's composure returns.
it's quite beautiful.
o-ren moves out of the position she's stood in for the entire battle.
the bride unsheaths her sword quickly...holding it out in front of her...tip of blade pointed at o-ren...sword's handle and her fingers wrapped around that handle, up by her cheek...her eyes are reflected on the blade...snow falls around her.
o-ren's feet white socks in wooden clogs, walk forward, crunching snow underneath them...
o-ren leaps in the air does a somersault over the bride's head, landing behind her opponent.
o-ren goes in for the kill...the bride meets her blade... the blades clash and lock...the two women's faces come together as the blades become entangled...
o-ren moves her arm in a counter-clockwise motion that loosens the grip enough to bring her sword handle hard into the bride's mouth...
the bride's striking o-ren - not fatally - but deep.
the respect for the bride's ability is transparent.
the queen of the tokyo underworld, who's regime has just ended with one swing, stares off into space.
with her cheek resting against the snow, her eyes close and she's gone.
the lion's head that hanzo carved into the wood seems pleased.
being o-ren's lawyer, i take it you're familiar with bill?
in fact, i'd guesstimate, you worked for bill before o-ren, and that's how it is you came to work for o-ren.
the cocktail racing    through your bloodstream at this    moment is bill's own recipe.
yuki's sick.
what's wrong with her?
yuki yubari upon hearing the news of her sister's death...
yuki focused, business suit penetrated...she opens him up more...he feels every inch of the blade's progress.
sofie's mazda pulls off the highway to the side.
the bride hops out of the car, runs to the back, opens the trunk, takes out sofie's body, and rolls it down the hill....sofie stops rolling in front of the entrance of the huge hospital.
bill's voice speaks to her off screen;
he shhhh's her off screen;
; english -- but still -- nothing, except my aching heart over what she's done to my beautiful and brilliant sofie.
then with superman x-ray vision we see through the helmet to the bride's face inside as she says the last line.
; japanese if o-ren was number one, unless she's being tricky, vernita green will be number two.
vernita's in pasadena.
he's sewing something that requires a lot of concentration.
cu the bride's bare back what he's sewing is, the nasty slash o-ren gave the bride on her back, closed with a simple needle and thread.
the sleeping giant is awake, and in her eyes we see she's filled with a terrible resolve.
ex cu: o-ren ishii's name written in the bride's notebook with the number one next to it.
yuki's revenge
yuki's side                         the bride's side photo: yuki with the                  the bride on an airplaine hollywood signin the b.g.,            flying to los angeles.
photo: yuki at grauman's chinese theatre, wearing a            the bride walks off the cowboy hat, in front of roy           plane with the other rogers' and trigger's hand            passengers.
celebrityshe's bumped into.
yuki's side                   the bride's side we see yuki is tailing the          we see the bride is bride through lax.
we see yuki's car drive by in the b.g.
through the motel's picture window.
medium cu of yuki wearing a         yuki's pov: whiteuniform, and taking            the bride entering her money.
parked in front of vernita's house.
we see yuki is dressed like         ex cu: vernita green's an ice cream man, and is            name in the bride's selling ice cream to kids           notebook.
she draws a from an ice cream truck on          black felt pen through vernita's block.
cu yuki's face as she watches       the bride driving away the bride drive away.
now's the          yuki's pov: the yellow time.
yuki, at night, sitting in               yuki's pov: the the surveillance seat of her             exterior of the motel, sports car.
yuki's side                      the bride's side yuki loading an israel                    the bride, on the phone, compact sub-machine gun                   booking her flight out that lays on her plaid                    of la to texas, as she skirt lap.
drug of bill's own concoction.
now's the time.
yuki gets out of the car                  yuki's pov: we see the and heads for the                         bride from a distance, oblivious bride.
cu yuki walking towards the               yuki's pov: approaching bride.
we stay with yuki's side as she stops across the street from the bride.
yuki shines the flashlight beam in the bride's face.
yuki's gorgeous?
she trips, falling into the other house's swimming pool.
instead of splashing around, the bride swims like she was in the olympics, till she's in the shallow end.
it's located on a cul de sac.
yuki's sports car pulls up at the end of the street.
when yuki's car reaches the end of the dead end,...
the bride runs into the house she's in front of.
she runs through the living room, to the kitchen and the back door, but the kitchen's where the family that lives here is hiding and they block the door.
yuki's sports car pulls up in front of the house.
realizing there's no getting out of the back door, the bride runs back into the living room that's now missing a wall, and runs up the home's staircase leading to the bedrooms.
the bride's bullet wings yuki in the left breast, knocking her through a bedroom doorway.
the bride answers yuki back with an imitation of yuki's giggle, which makes the youngin blow her top.
yuki, in about two    minutes there's going to be an army    of police here.
so if you're gonna    kill me, now's the time.
the bride o.s., english so what's it gonna be bitch?
bride's direction, ripping up everything around her.
yuki's face, dead,    eyes closed...then they pop up open... guess what...she's    not dead.
though she's bloody and her schoolgirl uniform    is filled with bullet holes she rises.
the startled bride fires at her...the 9mm's empty...
...the bride realizes yuki's dead.
nurse owen's home - night
the phone rings and a black woman in a nurse's uniform with a name tag on it that reads, "b. owens," answers the phone.
she's bleeding from her five bullet holes.
she's starting to tremble.
we can't see where she's at, but it's somewhere surrounded by wood planks.
it's a street called, "dimmick".
there's a bunch of police cars and firetrucks, about two blocks away.
you come and get me, today's pay day.
there's cops all over here, i had to be cool.
they tend to notice things like negroes sneaking around people's backyards.
what's that?
this shit's gonna hurt, and i ain't got no anesthetic.
nurse owen's kitchen - night
open the door alburt, let's see what this bill looks like.
one woman in a beautiful black dress, stands at the head of the table...it's her game...her name is l.f. o'boyle.
tux, waits for l.f.'s word.
that's rather pricey.
bill walks over to the suite's bar, a young woman tends it.
gentlemen, let's    see if the new kid in school wants    to play right away.
boys take a look at this man, he's what webster's calls, a gambler.
it's just a game.
-- that's a membership fee, good for --
so that's your game, you want to teach me a lesson?
oooohhh, that's....
the house's perogative and you know it.
it's the shooter's perogative, and she knows it.
bill scoops up his money and looks to the lady who's game he just busted.
sure it's next to the bed.
game's over, get out!
into phone vernita's dead?
the bride's voice comes on the soundtrack;
it's kind of fun watching people gamble when they don't know they're gambling, isn't it?
in the    hotel's hallway, bill cuts through the five men.
the fifth one, alburt, is the    most skilled, but he too falls under the master's blade.
bill on the ledge of the hotel window the 26th floor, outside l.f. o'boyle's room.
he's yanked her outside and he's dangling her over the side by her hair.
when he's confident her fall was fatal, he leaves the ledge.
budd's trailer - day
it opens, revealing    bill's    brother, budd.
bill, looking like    a cool million, stands out in the dirt and dust of budd's lot    of land, looking up at his brother in his natural habitat.
we can see elle driver lounging in the passenger's    seat.
budd squints into the sun at the woman in bill's ear.
it's elle.
- bill's car
obviously there's no love lost between elle and budd.
it stinks in there, that's why.
now what's so important it requires a reunion?
the mention of a hattori hanzo sword gets budd's attention.
it would appear he's broken it.
because she is coming, and she's coming to kill you.
budd sees bill's true concern for his welfare.
she's brought "the boys" back together.
budd is touched by bill's concern and chuckles to himself.
i appreciate the concern on your face, but there's a difference 'tween "the boys", time can't erase.
his job is tossin out the riff-raff that's worse than him,    out on their ear - minus a few of the teeth they had when    they came in.
hey, budd, honey, the toilet's at it again.
there's shitty water all over the floor.
the bride sits behind the wheel, looking at the bar and the bar's front door.
then places a baseball cap on the top of her noggin that reads, "stubb's bar b-q."
she steps out of the truck's cab.
she's dressed like a little texas two-stepper.
levi's, cowboy boots, and a "harley davidson: loud and proud" tee-shirt.
...he's the bouncer...
...he's sitting on a stool, observing the crowd, moving his head to the music...
he passes by the bride's    new red pussy wagon parked on the side of the road.
budd's trailer home - night
the bride chooses her weapon -- hattori hanzo's samurai
she doesn't say anything, nor will an actress of uma thurman's caliber indicate her feelings, but the astute member of the audience will read the significance of her choice.
and it's that budd she intends to send to his maker.
on her belly, hattori hanzo sword in sheath in hand, she crawls across the desert floor towards budd's trailer.
cu the bride face in the dirt...one mississippi...two mississippi...her eyes look up towards the trailer...all's clear...she begins crawling towards the trailer again.
...she's now right outside the trailer home...we can hear the sound of budd sitting in a chair rocking back and forth.
through the bottom slit in the door, she sees the distorted image of budd's feet on the floor.
quick as a texas lizard on glass -- she brings the sword's handle down hard on the door lock --
the bride's pov: brother budd sitting calmly in a rocking chair, moving back and forth to the texas twang on his turntable, cradling a double-barrel shotgun aimed right at the bride.
budd's pov: the bride laid out in the dirt below him -- sword separated from her grasp -- bloody mess down her front -- groan from her throat.
the bride, hurting and incapacitated from the shotgun blast, still nevertheless defiant, spits a gob of bloody saliva, right in ole budd's face.
but truth be told, you    ain't felt all rock salt's got to    offer till you took a double dose    in your backside.
elle driver's gym - night
this gets elle's attention.
she's so gentle right now, i could preform her coup de grace with a rock.
it's just...i ain't killed nobody in a long goddamn time.
we stay on elle's side for the following exchange.
we cut back to budd's side.
and what he's holding is the bride's hattori hanzo sword.
and i'm here to tell ya elle, that's what i call sharp.
oh, that's hard to say.
seein it's priceless and all.
if i'm gonna drink myself to death, ...it won't be on bill's dollar.
it's gonna be on yours.
what's the terms?
how's that sound?
it's a caveat to the same condition.
budd's beat-to-shit pickup is in the shot too.
of budd's pickup.
once in the dirt, the bride sees an old coffin that's been dup up.
now you're goin underground tonight, and that's all there is to it.
but if    you're gonna act like    a horse's    ass, i'll spray this    whole goddamn    can in your eyeballs.
so what's it gonna be sister?
...the only light left, is the crack by the bride's head.
she's starting to lose it...she lets out a scream...she screams again...her bound-at-the-wrist hands move to the lid...she pounds on it...her bound feet kick up at it...she starts to cry...she's getting hysterical...her fingers begin clawing at the wood lid...
all this while, she's been screaming the words we can't even imagine coming out of her mouth;
well, now that you've had a nice, good cry, let's figure out how to get out of here?
that's a lot better.
it's like i'm buried alive with buddy rich.
before they climb into the truck and drive away, budd lays a dozen red roses on the bride's grave.
budd's trailer moving - night
ernie in the passenger's seat.
budd's silver cell phone rings.
elle darlin, she's sufferin as we speak.
a smile spreads across elle's face.
she rests her head back against the seat's headrest.
as bill tells this story, it will be illustrated on screen by footage from old shaw brothers martial arts flicks of the 70's.
; cont'd ...head priest of the white lotus clan, pai mei, was walking down the road, contemplating whatever a man with pai mei's infinite power would contemplate -- which is another way of saying, who knows.
the next morning pai mei appeared at the shaolin temple, and demanded that the temple's head abbot offer pai mei his neck, to repay the insult.
and so began, the legend of pai mei's ten-point palm - exploding heart technique.
bill and the bride, years earlier, driving in a jeep through the mountains of china, enroute to pai mei's.
but he is nietzsche's psalm personified.
the bride sits in the jeep, by herself, parked in front of the priest pai mei's home located high up on top of white lotus mountain.
for over 100 years, his home used to be the temple of the white lotus clan, and he was the temple's head priest.
a huge stone staircase of one hundred steps climb up a hill leading to pei mei's home.
because he's a very very very old man.
that's the title of my favorite soul song of the seventies.
the huge temple is exactly like it must have been a hundred years ago, except now it's empty and dusty.
the bride enters, she's winded from climbing up those fuckin steps.
pai mei's voice echoes back;
pai mei's voice o.s.
a beautiful but dusty mahagony staircase leads to pai mei's private chamber.
the still unseen man's voice booms back;
pai mei's voice o.s.
pai mei's private chamber
pai mei's pov: we see through pei mei's pupils, through a sheer scarlet scrim that hangs down in front of his sitting area.
however, whenever     mandarin is supposedly spoken, it comes out of their mouths     as dubbed english like in a 70's shaw brothers chop socky     flick.
pai mei's voice  your mandarin is lousy.
pai    mei's voice  i didn't ask    if you speak japanese, or mongolian,    for that matter.
pai mei's voice  you are here to learn the mysteries of kung fu, not linguistics.
he's just like he was in the films earlier.
everything's the same, except he's older, by about a hundred years.
this brings up the bride's eye...she glares at the old man.
she opens the drawer; it's filled with just about every type of edged weapon.
pai    mei  let's see how    good you really are.
while pai mei effortlessly moves out of the sword's path.
he's amused, and speaks while they fight;
she attacks with a wild cat's fury.
the sword's handle is pointed towards the bride.
the bride's face shows determination.
this man's ability is truly amazing.
however be that as it may, she's determined not to quit, and through not quitting, she's determined to distinguish herself in his eyes...in some way.
pai mei  that blade's sharp.
...then he twists her arm, till the blade's against her own throat....
...then twists again till it's against her hip...
...then twists again while kicking her leg, till the blade's edge is against her thigh...
the blades's against her jugular.
the blade's against the pocket of her throat.
the blade's against the nipple of her right breast.
then like a mallet, brings the handle end down hard on the top of the bride's head.
pai mei  let's see your tiger and crane style match my eagles's claw.
with little effort on his part, he reaches out and grabs her wrist, twists...she's on the floor, with her arm stuck out in the air behind her, her wrist still between his fingers.
in restaurants and spend a man's money.
pai mei  it's my arm now.
pai mei  that's the begging!
his right fist is cocked back by his breastplate, he's concentrating on a certain spot on the wall.
the bride's hand is scraped bloody.
she looks at her fucked-up hand, then to the wall, hesitating....then pai mei's behind her.
pai mei  it's the wood that       should fear your hand, not the other       way around.
it's sundown.
she stands, dusting herself off she's dirty from the chase and looks at her teacher.
she snatches the tiny heart from the rodent's carcass.
the bride's fist goes through the wall.
pai mei's private bathroom - day
the bride's voice o.s.
she moves in front of the wall.....takes her position...her right hand in a fist -- locked and loaded into position.... with her left hand she reaches out and touches the wall where she'll strike....like she's transferring her energy into the wood...she removes her left hand...and...strikes!
finally, a woman who understands what's important.
taking the flashlight, she shines the beam on the lid above her....along the line of the coffin's rim and the lid where many nails meet....then down to her red cowboy boots, bound by a leather belt around her.
raising her knees, as much as the coffin will allow, and wiggling her feet, she slips her bare feet our of the boots and the belt's binding...then, using her bare feet, then her bound-at-the-wrist hands, to pass one of the boots up to her...when the red boot is in her grasp, she turns it upside down....the straight razor falls out.
the lid's about an inch and a half from the tip of her nose, about three inches from her hand.
paula schultz's grave - night
the bride's hand breaks the surface...then like one of fulci's zombies, claws, digs, and pulls herself from mother earth's womb.
she drinks in the night's air as if it were gulps of water.
a young soda jerk stands behind the counter, waiting for a customer, when he sees something approaching through the restaurant's big picture window that makes him look twice.
soda jerk's pov: through the picture window, we see the bride, emerge from the texas night, and walk towards the diner looking for all the world like a six-foot tall female version of the peanuts character "pig pen."
behind the wheel of a hot black and gold trans am, driving full out on top of the desert's surface.
desert budd's camper - day
the car stops in front of budd's camper.
budd's camper's kitchen - day
budd and elle in the tiny kitchen of budd's tiny camper.
...so that's called a texas funeral?
i got to give it to ya budd, that's a pretty fucked up way to die.
what's the name on the grave she's buried under?
as the blender mashes ice, elle looks around and    sees the bride's hanzo sword in its sheath, leaning up against    the t.v.
that's my money in that black case, isn't it?
well then, it's your sword now.
that's a hanzo sword alright.
i tried to tell him... bill, she's just smart for a blonde.
the    serpent's extraordinarily potent venom makes a full-frontal    assault on the cowboys's nervous system.
back to paper "...its neurotoxic venom is one of nature's most effective poisons, acting on the nervous system causing paralysis.
when it comes to that bitch, i gotta lotta "r's" in me.
pause your brother's dead.
pause she's dead.
the bride's driver's license the real one, with both her picture and the name, beatrix kiddo.
yes, that's her real name.
zoom into both cu's tighter and tighter, till elle says;
the snake's head touches it, and is immediately separated from its body.
elle's eyes look down at the japanese steel in her hand.
now that's what i call sharp.
budd's camper - day
...she thinks she hears something...she looks out her driver's side car door window...
elle's pov: the dirty blonde bride behind the wheel of her new, enormous red pickup truck, heading right for her...
she's gobsmacked.
she hops out of the truck and into budd's camper.
budd's camper - day
as she walks through the door, budd's dead, swollen body greets her.
ex cu the bride's eye - watching.
the bride's pov: budd's camper, seen from up high looking down.
the bride's pov: budd's camper, budd exits by himself.
ex cu the bride's eye.
the bride's pov: she watches from a high perch, budd practicing with a ...
its one of hanzo's sheaths.
her feet and this man's    boot are around the same size.
she's good to go.
elle crawls from the wreckage of the trans am, holding the hanzo sword, looking like she's just been in a car wreck.
the bride emerges from budd's home, looking like a barbie doll that's been dug up after ten years buried in the backyard, carrying a hanzo sword.
a shark smile spreads across elle's face.
referring to the sword what's that?
budd's hanzo sword.
of pai mei snatching out elle's eye with his eagle's claw.
where's bill?
elle raises up the bride's hanzo sword into position.
ex cu's of:
their separate grips on the sword's handle.
the bride's eye.
elle's eye.
the tips of each other's blade.
as the operatic spaghetti western music builds to a crescendo...we cut back and forth between cu's of the two women that get tighter and tighter as we zoom in closer and closer....until...we reach the theme's climax....
two shot: the two women warriors stand their ground, striking and defending...when they stop, no one's been touched.
ex cu blades meet -- however this time we don't know who's on the left or the right.
we don't know who's cut.
neither knows if it's them who has been struck.
blood begins to projectile spray out of a slice in elle's neck only a quarter of an inch long.
she lifts her hand and places it in the path of the spray, it's immediately bathed in red.
elle drops the bride's sword.
...then as she dies, she leans the side of her head against the bride's standing body.
her blood runs down the bride's leg.
as she passes on, elle gently wraps her arms around the bride's leg.
the bride's hands go down to elle's long blonde hair, and begins gently stroking it, easing her pain as she expires.
bill's hacienda - day
ex cu the bride's eye ....watching....
bill's mexican housekeeper, josephina, appears on the patio.
oh yes mr. bill, it's very pretty.
ex cu the bride's eye ....watching....
ex cu the bride's eye ...watching...
the gates in front of bill's hacienda home open, and his silver porsche hits the streets running.
ex cu the bride ...watching... a suspense theme plays over the shots of the bride's eye every time we cut to it.
the bride's eye.
the bride's eye.
bill's silver porsche drives up its driveway.
the bride's eye.
the institution is not spanish in style, but on the contrary it's a clinical new-age box-like structure made up of clear glass doors and walls and the color beige.
ex cu the bride's eye ...watching...we now leave any shot of bill not from the bride's perspective.
the suspense theme is stretched tighter and tighter as we look through the bride's pov and listen to her vo;
the bride's pov: the glass-enclosed institution, and bill standing by himself in the empty lobby.
curling her long    white finger around the rifle's trigger.
scope sight pov: bill's head in between the crosshairs.
looking through the institution's glass wall.
the elevator in the lobby opens...and a little girl steps out, and runs into bill's arms.
ex cu: the bride's finger, pops off the trigger.
ex cu: the bride's eye, a huge tear falls out...we move out of the eyeball, into a medium cu of the bride, tears falling down her face...she can't believe what she's looking at...that's her daughter...she's alive...
it's a long long long way off, but it will get closer every second.
the bride's car moving - day
oh, it's me all right.
who's your little friend?
not now, she's in dream land.
don't ask how old she is, ask, if she's five.
she's expecting you.
and she asked me, "if mommy's been asleep since i was born, how will she know what i look like?"
to which i replied, "because mommy's been dreaming of you."
since she was one and a half years old, she's slept with that picture of you next to her bed.
the exact photo dissolves over the bride's face, then
and she's seen them.
want to sword fight, that's where i suggest.
the bride throws herself across the passenger seat as the driver's side window explodes over her head.
the bride straightens herself in the driver's seat.
she's like you that way.
the bride's on the phone, calling japan, in tears.
beatrix, what's wrong?
she's alive!
my baby girl's alive!
the bride driving to bill's villa
she's dressed in a white bridal gown, the exact replica of the one she was bushwhacked in.
half of bill's strength, lies in his talent for the unexpected.
we see the same shots as before of the bride driving up to bill's villa, through his iron gates, and parking by his front door.
bill's villa - night
she enters the butcher block kitchen, and finds bill's cook and housekeeper, josephina.
bill's voice o.s.
ex cu the bride's eyes - blink once.
then he suddenly clutches his abdomen like he's just been shot.
but then while pretending to be dead, he speaks in a dramatic narrator's voice.
the little girl's head drops back down.
so, as the smirking killer approached, what she thought, was a bullet-ridden corpse,...that's when the little b.b.
she holds her daughter out at arm's length to get a better look at her.
starts stroking her mother's long blonde hair.
when i showed you mommy's picture, tell mommy what you said.
that's the truth.
that's what she said.
points to manny's blood, which splashed a little on the bride's wedding gown.
what's that?
well, it's a very tasty beverage that i used to drink, when i was a little girl.
it comes in a lot of different flavors and colors, and it's really good.
speaking of fixing and drinking and eating, i think it's dinner time don't you?
sing the carpenter's song, "top of the world."
it's obviously one of their songs.
the dining room of bill's house.
in fact it's better than pretty.
what's better than pretty?
you know baby, mommy's kinda mad at daddy.
she came running into my room holding the fish in her hand, crying, "daddy daddy, emilio's dead."
and i said, "really, that's so sad.
to which i queried, "and just how did your foot accidentally find its way into emilio's fishbowl?"
and right now i'm sure he's happy as can be, swimmin around in fish heaven.
that's why i haven't been with you b.b., i've been asleep.
she's quite the little chatterbox.
she's a chip off the ole blonde in that regards.
you know, there's an old man down here, his name is esteban viharo.
he was a friend of my mother's.
well not you, that's for damn sure.
there's a knock on the hotel room door.
the bride stops dancing and goes to the door's peephole.
she's holding a basket of flowers.
oh, it's beautiful.
the bride's on her back, on the floor below her.
karen pushes the door aside, steps into the room, and fires the shotgun the bride's way.
the blade sticking in the weapon's wooden stock.
there's nothing she can do except wait to get shot.
well that's my sister, bitch.
what is this, bullshit story number twelve in the female assassin's handbook?
look at the strip, it's on the floor.
it is blue, karen's starting to believe her.
that's not your decision to make.
yes, but it's the right decision.
it's morning now.
and now it's her turn.
well if that's too cryptic let's get literal.
that's his explanation.
the fist of her left hand is wrapped around the wood sheath's center.
she's facing him, sword in sheath, hand far from handle, in a standing still position, not moving a muscle of blinking an eye, staring her laser beams in bill's direction waiting for his attack.
to himself that's my girl.
his body jolts, like he's just had a heart attack...he coughs up a little blood...he looks at her.
blood lies in a pool, by bill's mouth.
she then removes the bill handkerchief, and wipes bill's blood from off the blade onto the white cloth.
for she's very aware she    will never ever be completely any other man's woman.
the bride sits behind her on the bed, combing the little one's head.
it's the morning...
we wonder for a moment what's wrong...
but as the deadliest woman on the planet, lies on the motel room bathroom floor, smile on her face, twinkle in her eyes, happier than she's ever been, she thinks one thought.
she washes her face in the sink, when she's presentable, she walks out of the bathroom, jumps on the bed with her baby, hugs her from behind as the two watch saturday morning cartoons.
<meta file=quentin-tarantino_jackie-brown.txt>
jackie brown is a very attractive black woman in her mid forties, though she looks like she's in her mid-thirties.
she's a gorgeous brunette named sidney.
sidney's statistics: age, height, measurements, date of birth, appear at the bottom lefthand corner.
as sidney continues her sales pitch/demonstration, a black man's voice begins talking over the video.
that's a tec-9.
it's a cheap ass spray gun outta south miami.
melanie's beach apartment – night
stylish, athletic wear reebok, heavy, black leather jackets hugo boss, warm-colored berets and baseball caps to cover his balding head are ordell's "look."
at this moment ordell's wearing an open silk shirt.
it's like a song he doesn't know the lyrics to but attempt to sing anyway.
she's dressed in her melanie-uniform of stringy levis cutoffs and a stringy bra top.
she's curled up in a reclining chair, smoking weed from a pipe, reading movieline magazine and paying no attention to the video.
that's a styer aug. styer aug's a bad motherfucker.
shit's expensive, man.
who's your partner?
melanie's reading "movieline inside" magazine.
now, motherfucker's rollin' in cash.
you know it's for you.
it's for you.
pause hey, junebug, what's up?
referring to the tape it's boring, isn't it?
he thinks he's joe gunn now.
he's just repeating shit he overheard.
four years that's a long fuckin time.
it's the gun that nigga on "new york undercover" uses.
what's your cost?
that's what i been tellin' you.
that's good money.
it's beaumont.
what's the problem?
he listens to beaumont on the other line -- it's obvious beaumont's starting to freak out.
that's what these motherfuckers get paid for scarin' the shit outta ya.
that's their job.
thank you... you gonna spend the night in jail; it's too late to get you out now.
ordell's black mercedes convertible pulls up.
ordell in the driver's seat.
he's ready to habitualize you.
ordell motions to the chair in front of max's desk.
pause you're at your mother's house, aren't you?
he picks up a jar of powdered non-dairy creamer that's so dry he has to break off a rock.
oh, that's just my white friend, louis.
he's got nothing to do with my business.
from across the room, louis nods his head in max's direction.
returning to the photo who's that big mandingo nigga you gotcha arm around?
that's winston.
he's a big one.
it's in my bag.
who's it for?
he's been in before.
besides, beaumont's from kentucky, and i think they're prejudiced against black men from the south out here.
what's his full name?
that's the only name i know.
who's this?
pause that's all i have.
i believe it's a surname but i'm not sure.
holding a key this one's for the ignition... holding a little black box ...but you gotta hit this thing to shut the alarm off and unlock the door.
that means the alarm's off and the doors are open.
he goes up to ordell's black mercedes.
max cherry's office – day
on his prior, he served nine months, and he's working on four years' probation.
do you know what he's on probation for?
your boy's looking at ten years, plus the concealed weapon.
that's the one, if beaumont skips and i go after him, you pay the expenses.
beaumont's apartment – night
beaumont's apartment – night
ordell stands outside the security gate of beaumont's hollywood apartment.
extreme closeup – ordell's lips talking into the intercom speaker.
it's your benefactor, nigga.
extreme closeup – beaumont's finger pressing the entry button.
ordell's hand comes into frame twisting it open.
laughing his hustler's laugh and bumping beaumont's fist hard.
that's my job.
and i don't mind tellin ya, nigga, it's steady work.
if that's what they want to do, they're doin' it.
that crime's old, man.
that's not what they're tellin' me.
that's why they call it "fuckin' with ya."
he's my own private johnie cochran.
in fact, he'd kick johnie cochran's ass.
it's twelve o'clock, man.
what's the problem?
that's why i need you, backup.
after we're through fuckin' with these koreans, i take you to roscoe's chicken and waffles.
that 'scoe's special, smothered in gravy and onions.
uuuuummmmm, that's some good eatin'.
the tape is labeled "ordell's jams."
it's the only light in the cab.
it's just me.
ordell's beaumont problem is solved.
louis, having just thrown on some pants, walks outside his room and sees ordell's big, black oldsmobile parked in front of the motel.
as he approaches, the power window on the driver's side comes down, revealing a comfortable ordell sitting back in his seat looking up at louis.
it's cause you think you're a good guy, and you think there's certain things a good guy won't do.
that's where we're different, me and you.
he put himself in a situation where he was gonna have to do ten years in the penetentiary, that's what he did.
and if you know that, you know beaumont's gonna go any goddam thing beaumont can to keep from doin' those ten years including telling the federal government everything they want to know about my ass.
to dargus who's your friend?
i'd say there's about, oh, fifty thousand dollars here.
there's no smoking.
we could, smart ass... or we could work out what's known as a substantial assistance agreement.
that's funny 'cause beaumont knows you.
now maybe you don't know beaumont, but beaumont knew you, and maybe so does the guy who blew beaumont's head off.
okay, let's go.
you know, miss brown, there's basically three types of people that we come along in the performance of our duty.
then there's two; criminals.
jackie's eyes don't even narrow at the insult.
dargus sits behind his desk, with jackie's flight bag on it.
what's in it?
what's this?
that's my diet shit.
let's see what else is in there.
well, that's the state's offer.
who's side are you on?
it's a full schedule in court today.
jackie sits with a bunch of other females wearing county blues in the defendant's area where the jury sits during a jury trial
that's correct, your honor.
based on the defendant's prior conviction and the extreme possibility of flight due to her occupation, the state requests a bond of no less than twenty-five thousand.
that's six weeks from now, miss brown.
we see jackie in the defendant's area.
when he's seen enough, he stands up and out of the shot leaving an empty frame.
max cherry's office – day
the bathroom door in max's office.
ordell sitting oh-so comfortably in the chair in front of max's desk.
it's possession.
before we start talking about stewardess, let's get beaumont out of the way first.
somebody with a grudge blew beaumont's brains out -- hey, that rhymes -- blew beaumont's brains out.
they see i put up a big money bond on my boy, they start thinking with that where-there's-smoke-there's fire logic.
she's my friend.
that's what the police thought.
if there's no -- what do you call it -- confidentiality between us?
i'd say you're in the drug business, except the money's moving in the wrong direction.
max's cadillac moving – night
it's early evening; and max's powder-blue seville is driving to the county jail with a client, a young hispanic woman of twenty named anita.
karen's a good kid, but she's mad at you, because you lied to her.
this business about your grandmother's funeral
that's why i went.
maybe it's a language problem.
anita's hands are cuffed behind her back.
max undoes anita's handcuffs, while a sheriff waits to take her away.
we hear offscreen, a sheriff's voice.
she's wearing her stewardess uniform and carrying a small envelope with her belongings in it and her shoes.
but this jackie brown's a knockout.
max's cadillac – night
max's id: surety agent licensed by the state of california
a deputy comes out of the gatehouse and hands through the window max's .38 revolver, cylinder opened.
it's okay.
it's a cop hangout.
it's kind of a sports bar
'cause i look like i just got outta jail, that's why.
there's a place by me.
jackie picks up a pack of mild seven's cigarettes from the bottom of a cigarette machine.
that's why i don't quit.
what's your brand?
i was locked up with the last two getting legal advice from a woman who was in for bustin' her boyfriend's head open with a baseball bat.
that's state time.
yeah, but that's not what this was about.
"oh, i'd say there's fifty thousand here.
that's him.
he's the one who wants you.
you know what ordell's into?
ordell ain't no bootlegger and i doubt he's smugglin' cuban cigars.
that's the legal limit, so i never brought more than that.
he's got that kinda money?
it's all in lock boxes in a mexico bank.
but he's got a problem.
he's -- what do you call it when you got money, but don't have cash?
that's it.
he's cash poor.
but if all i can give 'em is ordell's name -- i don't really know shit about what he does or how he does it -- that don't give me much to bargain with.
sitting in his black mercedes, parked across the street from jackie's apartment building in hawthorne.
jackie's apartment complex – night
ordell's pov
through the windshield, he sees max's powder-blue cadillac seville pull up to jackie's apartment.
we stedicam in front of him as he walks across the street to jackie's apartment.
once inside the complex, ordell passes us and we follow behind him, up to jackie's ground-floor apartment door.
jackie's apartment – night
hey, you get caught with blow, that's your business.
yaaaah, he's the one musta put it in there if you didn't.
oh, man, that shit's uncalled for, baby, and i apologize.
well, that's mighty honorable of you.
ordell's gloved fingertips move up her collarbone to her throat, gently touching her skin.
on the right-hand side is ordell with his hands barely touching jackie's throat.
with his hands on jackie's throat, staring into the woman's eyes, from below frame then feels something hard the fuck against his crotch.
a closeup of max's gun in ordell's crotch
i think it's a gun pressing against my dick.
ordell flashes his hustler's smile and lets go.
now, baby, that's got nothin' to do with you.
baby, i ain't come here -- she shoves both guns in ordell's back.
they turn black against black, that's how they do.
this shit's gettin' silly now...
let's get realistic, baby.
that's why you came here to kill me.
it's okay.
now, let's say if i tell on you, i walk.
all your money's in mexico.
i'll talk to the cops tomorrow and tell you if it's on.
except it's day.
black's fine.
let's just say i got one, okay?
max's eyes follow her to the living room.
the song starts; it's an old romantic soul music number from the early seventies.
it's nice.
i know more now about ordell's money.
it's a lot of money.
coffee's almost there, but not quite.
but he's always trusted me an wants more than anything to believe he still can.
there's gotta be other ways to get it out.
maybe, but i'm the only one he's ever used.
it's very possible ordell's killed somebody.
it's not really something i think about.
it's different with men.
jackie's smile grows bigger.
what's going on?
what's she want?
what's she willing to give us?
she hasn't one into specifics yet, she's been waiting for you.
she knows it's my case?
she ain't said it, but she's not stupid, she knows it's you who wants her.
to nicolet it's your call.
it's possible.
helmut berger slaps a woman in the face with a newspaper, proclaiming he's the "mad dog."
as she watches the tv, she picks up a big bong with it's own handle.
melanie's dressed in her usual melanie-uniform of shorts and a loose top.
i think somebody's got some new clothes.
it's only two o'clock.
it's that late?
he moves towards the phone -- to melanie oh, that's okay, i'll get it.
ordell's on the phone.
no, not on the phone, let's meet somewhere.
yeah, there's another hit left.
ordell's on the phone.
where's that?
it's right on hawthorne boulevard and manhattan beach boulevard.
it's red brick...
it's a cockatoo.
coughing's good -- gets ya higher.
what's a metrix?
it's like this major meal in a shake you drink instead of having a big meal.
it's a diet thing?
no, it's what body builders drink to beef up.
the photo was obviously a picture of melanie with somebody else that's been cut in half.
somebody's disembodied arm still rests on her shoulder.
she looks and sees what he's talking about.
or get high, drop acid at a friend's place.
but i don't like to dance, and it's so fuckin; loud.
that's a picture of me in japan.
who's arm is that?
that's the guy i lived with... his name was... hirosh.
i keep that, because of all the fuckin' time i was there, that's the only picture i got of me in japan.
she points beyond her shoulder that's japan.
now that's over, let's get to know each other.
what's your drink, brother?
floyd makes ordell's drink.
floyd comes back with ordell's screwdriver.
you told em it's me?
they already know it's you.
it's true, isn't it?
what the fuck's that got to do with it?
so i say, well, if you want proof he's getting paid for selling them, let me bring the money in.
melanie's beach apartment – day
closeup – louis taking a hit off melanie's bong.
...so first he tries to get into the cocaine business but realizes right away that shit's too competitive.
you can sell guns wherever there's a demand.
he acts like he's this big international arms dealer, when, come on, the only people he ever sold to were dopers.
but you have to admit he's not too bright.
let's say he's streetwise.
he's still a fuckup.
that's not what i'm saying at all.
he tell you about that half-million dollars he's got in mexico?
that's what he's doin' with this stewardess.
he's scheming how he can get it over here.
naw, naw, that's too much exposure.
that's a good idea.
if you just listen, you'll see it's a damn good idea.
and they follow the wrong one thinkin' she's bringing it to me.
that's the idea.
well, it's my plan.
yeah, but it's my money, and i don't need me a partner.
that's an agent.
manager's get fifteen percent.
it's now getting late at night.
she's dressed differently than she was at the cockatoo.
in fact, she looks like she's coming home from a date.
max's voice comes out of the machine.
max's voice o.s.
it's max.
if you want to call me, my home number is 555- 6788, or you can reach me at my office, which is 555-b-a-i-l. that's also on the card i gave you when we first met -- i don't know if you still have that -- but it's on it -- oh, let me give you my beeper number.
it's 555-7839. okay, so i'll talk to you later.
hope everything's well.
a few people, mostly black, mill around, but it's not like it is on the weekend.
the money's in a broadway shopping bag.
look, it's my ass facin' the penitentiary.
the woman's cool, i promise.
we're outside the del amo ua cinemas, a six-screen theater that's been in the del amo mall since the early seventies.
no... sitting down at the table ...i don't believe she's ever heard of me.
watching max sit down and make himself comfortable at jackie's table.
to himself what's up with this shit.
well, i'd never be so bold as to speak for all men, but as or myself and a few of my friends, that's definitely the case.
there's a lot of actresses out there you like, and there's some you have crushes on.
but there's always one who you love.
and with her it's sorta like going steady.
and annette's it for you?
that's a goddam man for ya.
yeah, she's the girl who drove the bus in "speed."
she's cute.
she's adorable.
how old's annette?
then it's up to ray nicolet, the a.t.f.
that's why all the bags.
that's what he calls it.
he's being real nice to me.
you think he's got a thing for you?
what does his being nice to you have to do with him wanting ordell's money?
he's setting me up to make a proposition.
you don't propose something like that unless you're pretty sure the other person's into it.
he's a young guy havin' fun being a cop.
he's more interested in ordell than the money.
if he's gonna do anything suspect, it'll be cutting corners to get the conviction; but he wouldn't walk off with the money.
it's evidence.
if i was in nicolet's place?
it's not like it's anybody's life savings.
it's been a long time coming.
jackie's hand is signing her name.
i hear he's staying at this house, so i sneak in, wait for him to come home.
after we were together you went and snuck into a guy's house?
and went to this guy's house in el monte, and i waited for him.
while he's incapacitated, cuff him, take 'em to county.
that's my job.
so i made up my mind, that's it.
they all fall in step towards jackie's honda.
jackie's honda – day
he's taking out the manila envelope with the ten thousand inside.
it's three p.m., july 4th 1997. the location is the parking structure at lax.
back to report voice i am now taking a manila envelope from the subject's flight bag.
what's her name?
jackie's apartment – night
it's evidence.
it may be evidence once they get their hands on it, but right now it's only money.
young girl's voice o.s.
it would seem our young girl's from the south.
what's your name?
you know what's in the bag you're taking?
jackie picks up sheronda's bag and leaves.
that's what you do to go through with the shit you start.
max's cadillac – day
ordell and louis are at mr. robbie's storage facility.
what's your relationship?
close as she's ever been, anyway.
that's not what i meant when i asked did you trust her.
melanie's apartment building – day
extreme closeup – jackie's finger presses a small black button next to the handwritten name, "m.
melanie's voice o.s.
it's jackie.
melanie's apartment hallway – day
...now she's gonna pout...
melanie's apartment – balcony – day
sheronda passin' the money onto someone else, that's what the hell i'm talkin' 'bout.
it's my money, i can do whatever the fuck i wanna do with it.
not when it's my ass on the line you don't.
she's the one gonna be receiving the money, so i just wanted her to see how it works.
melanie's apartment – day
what does she think she's gettin?
hang it up, she's on her way.
no, you gonna give her a robinson's/may bag this time?
simone and i'll make the switch at robinson's/may.
so simone goes to the dress department with her robinson's/may bag.
there's a sign over the door.
that's why it has to be a woman, 'cause we do the switch in the fitting room.
so you come out with her robinson's/may bag, go meet sheronda.
simone peeks out, waits for my man louis here to give her a signal nobody's watchin'.
jackie's pager goes off.
melanie's apartment – hallway – day
who's paging you?
we agreed on ten percent of what you bring in and that's what you gonna get.
only that it's money.
she walks to her car when she spots a funky little beach bar called, "sally leroy's."
sally leroy's – day
sally leroy's is a beach bar with surfboards, different beer signs, and pictures of marilyn monroe, elvis presley, james dean, ann margaret, and surfers riding monster waves all over the place.
yeah, it's in the back.
that guy's been in there since i got here.
what's on tap?
coors, sam, rolling rock, and killian's red.
killian's.
better get me another sam's.
imitating ordell's voice "you may leave us now."
it's all part of his pathetic attempt to be "the man."
mr. walker's my buddy.
that's it.
what's that fucker ever done for us?
we've been following mr. gara, and he's definitely working for ordell.
ordell's got him staying at a house in...
who's the other one?
another girlfriend of ordell's.
what's her story?
she knows everything, but she's not part of it, and she's pissed cause she's not part of it.
so everything's set for tomorrow?
everything's the same, except one change...
jackie's apartment – night
max sits on the couch in jackie's apartment drinking white wine.
there's a bit of an edge to miss brown that's bubbling underneath her cool surface.
it's understandable.
after all, she's been the architect of this half-a-million dollars switcheroo.
she's moved heaven and earth to make all the pieces fall into place, and all the players think what she wants them to think.
jackie's nervous, but she's not afraid.
it's more the edge an athlete might feel before an all important competition.
i told them ordell's changed the amount he's bringing in.
i got them thinking ordell's real nervous.
they love thinking he's scared of them.
everything's the same except one change.
ordell thinks it's just too hot right now to bring in all his money.
he knows you're watching him, and he's paranoid.
he's keeping his stash where it is, but he wants to bring in fifty thousand for bail in case he needs it.
where's the rest of it?
that's why you don't make a move till i come out of the fitting room.
there's one i had my eye on.
melanie's apartment – night
it's ordell.
nothing to worry 'bout -- everything's the same -- except for one change.
pause me an louis went over to her place, she's gone.
she's gone and all her shit's gone and so's my ten thousand dollars.
everything's just like we discussed.
except when you do the switch, instead of simone, it's gonna be melanie.
well, it's true, isn't it?
oh, that's taken care of.
i called the state attorney's office.
jackie's pov
he's pretty sure he's gonna need it for bail.
jackie's honda – day
that's fifty thousand, huh?
it's not my money.
nicolet's fingers move to a pair of black heels wedged into the side... they touch the shoes... then move over to the envelope, opens the clasp and takes out five rubber-banded bond packets of loot.
yeah, well, it's not a point of view that a.t.f.
it's what i expect to find when i look in sheronda's.
max cherry's office – day
max stands up, takes the sport coat from the back of his chair, putsit on, and walks over to winston's desk.
sam's hoffin braur – day
sam's hoffin braur german for beer garden is a strip joint bar in downtown l.a.
int sam's hoffin braur – day
ordell's on the pay phone.
melanie's apartment – day
louis stomps towards the bedroom where the music's playing.
in melanie's toyota drive towards the mall.
jackie's car pulls up to a lined parking space in the parking lot.
she goes to her hatchback, takes a robinson's/may bag, lines the first half of the bag with old paperbacks.
then with her flight bag slung over her shoulder, carrying the robinson's/may bag and with all the confidence of a world champion prize fighter going into the ring, she strides toward the huge mall.
she calmly walks down the mall, then turns into the roinson's/may store.
robinson's/may – designer clothes – day
jackie, in her cabo air uniform, walks up to a young asian saleswoman named amy in the robinson's/may designer clothing area.
it's a total power suit.
she closes the door and sits down on the bench in between her flight bag full of money and the robinson's/may bag.
melanie's voice comes from the other side of the wall.
a robinson's/may bag, like jackie's, filled with towels, comes sliding underneath the stall.
jackie picks up her robinson's/may bag, filled with books, towels and the marked forty-thousand dollars.
jackie slides the robinson's/may bag with money under the stall.
jackie then transfers the half of a million dollars out of her flight bag into melanie's robinson's/may bag.
she grabs her flight bag and leaves, leaving behind the robinson's/may bag filled with half of a million dollars.
oh, that's not a problem.
...jackie walks out of robinson's/may hurriedly into the main mall.
louis and melanie pull up to a lined parking space in melanie's toyota.
melanie carries the robinson's/may switch bag.
they go inside robinson's/may...
robinson's/may – day
...we stedicam into robison's/may with them.
that's a nice outfit on her.
he decides he's watching the fitting room entrance too much, so he starts throwing his look around when he sees something that stops him cold.
max, doing what he's doing, looks up and sees louis staring at him across the floor.
the saleswoman is behind the register ringing up jackie's purchase.
then he sees melanie come out with a robinson's/may bag and head down a different aisle.
jesus, what's wrong with you?
like a teacher on romper room nooo, that's towards sears.
they walk it; it's not it.
we can see melanie's bare legs sticking out from a row of cars.
max cherry's cadillac seville pulls up to a lined space in the parking lot.
robinson's/may – day
max, hands in pocket, strolls unhurriedly through the robinson's/may store.
then she lifts her eyes, meeting max's across the room.
he sees melanie come out of the fitting room carrying a robinson's/may bag close to her chest.
she's gone.
it's max's turn.
you walk over to that counter, you're gonna find out what it's like.
there's nobody in there.
sitting in the corner is the robinson's/may bag.
he's outside; nobody's stopped him.
it's normal.
nobody's after him, nobody's watching him.
sam's hoffin braus – day
ordell sits at the bar in sam's drinking a screwdriver and watching a stripper strip.
that's me.
a stressed louis drives the toyota, calling ordell on ordell's tiny cellular.
it's louis.
listen, there's something else i have to tell you.
pick me up at sam's.
i haven't even looked at it yet, it's still in the shopping bag.
that's what i got to talk to you about.
sam's hoffin braur – day
pause hey, where's melanie?
that's what i gotta tell you.
i expect she's dead.
so you're sure she's dead.
louis drives, oblivious to ordell's dilemma.
where's the rest of it?
look, that's the bag she came out with.
that's right.
it's in there.
what's that gonna tell you?
jackie's gonna die.
if she's got it, why didn't she take it all?
'fore i blow that bitch's brains out, i'll ask her.
that's why i never checked it.
you know the motherfucker's a bail bondsman, don't ya?
why should i think anything's weird, if i don't know nothin' about them knowing each other?
nicolet's office a.t.f.
jackie, still dressed in her cool black suit, sits in a chair in nicolet's office.
i've had my eye on this suit -- wait, let's start over.
that's what sheronda's expecting me to wear.
where's the bag she gave you?
i went straight to the bookstore, 'cause that's where you were last time, but you weren't there.
she sees a blonde come out of the fitting room carrying a robinson's/may bag and tussle with a tough-looking white guy.
it's possible.
louis gara's dead.
it looks like louis's friend shot him twice at point blank range.
if you have something else going on you haven't told me about, it's between you and ordell.
do things for people and that's how they treat you.
he's around.
raynelle's too stoned.
ordell's too tense.
ordell's up and off the couch pacing.
now that shit's a promise, understand what i'm sayin'?
you have time, you think you could find out for me where he's staying?
jackie lies on a hotel bed, wearing a long t-shirt and panties, watching tv that's chained to the wall.
max's office – night
ordell's living in long beach with a woman junkie.
he's street, same as them, they trust him.
he's liable to shoot you.
walk out and call the sheriff's department.
everybody wants him, he's a homicide suspect.
it doesn't matter who brings him in, he's gonna name you as an accessory.
that's why a.t.f.
's gotta make the case.
if it's his word against mine, who are they gonna believe?
it's not that simple.
he's already there.
what if he hears something he's not supposed to?
max at the front door or raynelle's apartment.
he takes his hand out, it's holding stack of bills wrapped in a rubber band.
that's all?
that's what winston does.
now tell me where my money's at.
and where's jackie?
she's been there since thursday night.
it's in the safe.
that's why she's givin' up my money huh?
she's at your office.
she's all alone.
jackie on the phone with ordell, sitting behind max's desk.
ray nicolet's apartment – night
they leave the apartment walking to max's car.
ordinarily she's too cool for school.
she opens the drawer to her right, max's .38 sits there.
sitting behind max's desk in the dark.
her face is illuminated for a moment -- then it's out.
she's cool as a breeze, smoking her brand.
ordell's driving.
it's the next street.
sitting behind max's desk.
my money's in that office, right?
it's somewhere else and we can go get it.
mark... raising her voice ...he's got a gun!
...ordell drops to the ground like a sack of potatoes, he lands at max's feet.
max looks down and sees ordell's head by his shoes, look of panic still on his face, dead as fried chicken.
max sees dargus come over, bending on one nee next to ordell's body.
he's dead.
as opposed to the last scene late at night, it's early morning.
mark... he's got a gun!
you worked for it -- if you're sure that's all you want.
what's he doing?
he's on to a new thing.
he's after a guy who owns a gun shop he says is "woefully and wantonly" selling assault rifles to minors.
he says he's gonna take him down if it's the last thing he does.
they walk outside and max sees ordell's black mercedes convertible.
that's ordell's.
but this one's sorta left over.
the registration's in the glove box, the keys were under the seat... what's a matter, haven't you ever borrowed someone's car?
<meta file=quentin-tarantino_inglorious-basterds.txt>
however, simply by sight, you'd never know if he's been beating at this stump for the last year or just started today.
julie's pov
the farmer's wife, charlotte, comes to the doorway of their home, followed by her two other teenage daughters, and sees the germans approaching.
removing his gray s.s. cap, the german steps inside the frenchman's home.
col. landa is immediately greeted with the sight of the farmer's wife and three pretty daughters standing together in the kitchen, smiling in his direction.
the s.s. colonel clicks his heels together and takes the hand of the french farmer's wife .
he kisses her hand, then continues without letting go of his hostess's hand .
farmer's wife
while still holding the french woman's hand and looking into her eyes, the s.s. colonel says:
the farmer offers the s.s. colonel a seat at the family's wooden dinner table.
the nazi officer accepts the french farmer's offer and lowers himself into the chair, placing his gray s.s. cap on the table and keeping his black attaché case on the floor by his feet.
the farmer's wife follows her husband's orders and gathers her daughters, taking them outside, closing the door behind them.
the two men are alone at the farmer's dinner table, in the farmer's humble home.
when under new management, there's always a slight duplication of efforts.
he also extracts an expensive black fountain pen from his uniform's front pocket.
lying horizontally underneath the farmer's floorboards.
these human beings are the dreyfuses, who have lived lying down underneath the dairy farmer's house for the past year.
as he walks over and fills the nazi colonel's glass, the german officer talks.
now the führer and goebbels's propaganda have said pretty much the same thing.
it's a hostile world indeed.
the farmer's cool facade is little by little eroding.
as the nazi colonel busies himself with his smoking, he continues to hold court at the frenchman's table.
let's use you as a example, monsieur lapadite.
my men enter your home and conduct a thorough search before i can officially cross your family's name off my list.
it's the girl.
cu shosanna's face
shosanna's pov
col. hans landa sits in the backseat of the convertible that's speeding away from the french farmhouse.
she's a young girl, no food, no shelter, no shoes, who's just witnessed the massacre of her entire family.
and after word spreads about what happened today, it's highly unlikely she will find any willing farmers to extend her aid.
and that's exactly what we're gonna do to them.
that's why any and every son-of-a-bitch we find wearin' a nazi uniform, they're gonna die.
that's what i like to hear.
hitler's private lair"
the russian army didn't and patton's army couldn't—turning soldiers of
kliest's voice comes out of the intercom:
kliest's voice os
undermine the german soldier's psyche.
kliest's voice os
kleist's voice os
he's the soldier you wanted to see personally.
by lt. raine's jews.
the frame, knocks aside the dead german patriot's helmet, and grabs a handful of the cadaver's blond hair.
taken from the inside pocket of a dead german's uniform.
papers till he gets to the page that contains the german soldier's name, statistics, and photo.
aldo screams to the basterd who's guarding the two german prisoners.
but this is the first time he's ever been on the wrong end of the exchange.
it's always been his belief that
how's your english, werner?
a big, scary-looking basterd, in a german sergeant's uniform, named sgt.
everybody in the german army's heard of hugo stiglitz.
narrator vo the reason for hugo stiglitz's celebrity among german soldiers is simple.
up the road a piece, there's a
'sides you, we know there's another kraut patrol fuckin' around
were to have any crack shots, that orchard would be a goddamn sniper's delight.
well, werner, that's where you're wrong.
because that's exactly what i expect.
on this map where this party's bein' held, how many's comin', and what they brought to play with.
he's wearing a wife beater and power-hitting stones with a baseball bat.
werner's eyes go to the ballplayer.
that's sgt.
now, werner, i'm gonna ask you one last goddamn time, and if you still "respectfully refuse," i'm calling the bear jew over here, and he's gonna take that big bat of his, and he's gonna beat your ass to death with it.
donny, cutting heads, in his pop's barber shop, in boston.
it's called treason.
mr. goorowitz's sporting goods shop in donny's jewish boston neighborhood.
donny's "no" silences the gabby goorowitz.
we stay in store but can see him clearly through the store's big picture window.
it's pretty obvious he's pantomiming beating somebody to death with it.
greeny ave. sy's barber shop.
himmelstein's apartment—day
he sees the iron cross hanging from the german sgt's right pocket.
the jew taps the german's medal with the end of his bat.
the bear jew raises the bat up high over his shoulder and brings it down hard against the side of rachtman's head.
butz in the führer's room for the first time.
so tell 'em we let ya live so you could spread the word through the ranks what's gonna happen to every nazi we find.
but the last answer didn't go down as well as he thought it would, as is evident by the frown on aldo's face.
yeah, that's what we thought.
back to basterds butz's pov
aldo has just carved the swastika, and he's holding the bloody knife.
of shosanna's family"
we hear the sound of the german musical's climax.
shosanna, dressed in a nurse's uniform she swiped from
patrons exit under the cinema marquee, as someone from inside shuts off the marquee's lights.
is the cinema's projectionist.
one of the cinema's opera-box balconies.
so, young woman, since it's beyond obvious we're closed for the evening, i must assume you want something.
that's a clever disguise.
it's only you and
what's your name?
the camera pulls back, and we see we're not looking at a title card at all, but a calender stuck on the wall of the little cinema's projection booth.
it would appear that shosanna passed madame mimieux's exceptional test.
this will be "shosanna's theme."
shosanna stands at the projector, watching the old german film she's projecting, waiting for the first reel change mark .
the second reel change mark pops on in the same place that's the one.
as "shosanna's theme" plays on the soundtrack, we watch, via montage, her go through her daily chores: carry heavy film cans up the stairs, empty the rat traps, etc, etc.
"german night leni riefenstahl in pabst's white hell of pitz palu"
it's my pleasure.
due to his uniform and shosanna's situation, his efforts at trying to make small talk strike the young jewess in hiding as a gestapo interrogation.
it's nice to see a french girl who's an admirer of riefenstahl.
that's why you included
that's obviously not what he meant, but he takes them anyway to read her name.
that's a very pretty name.
it's been a pleasure chatting with a fellow cinema lover.
after all, for any true cinema lover, it's hard to hate anybody who, cinema mon amour.
keeping this fucking place from burning down to the ground, that's what!
even on the roof i can't smoke a cigarette without hearing madame's
that's why i
to hear madame's voice again.
they make a fuss over him in unsubtitled german, which neither shosanna or the non-german- speaking members of the movie's audience can understand.
shosanna's eyes narrow.
are you somebody's son?
most german soldiers are somebody's son.
what are you, hitler's nephew?
father's
it's
what's it called?
of course, but that's not likely to happen.
fredrick's
so that's
it was myself and a thousand rounds of ammo in a bird's nest, against three hundred soviet soldiers.
what's a bird's nest?
a bird's nest is what a sniper would call a bell tower.
it's a high structure, offering a three-hundred-and-sixty-degree view.
that's why they all recognize me.
well, that's just what joseph goebbels thought.
it's called "nation's pride," and guess what, they wanted me to play myself, so i did.
that's another reason for all the attention.
"nation's pride" is about you?
"nation's pride" is starring you?
he's telling anybody who will listen that when "nation's pride" is released
it's the next day.
she wants to know what she's done?
who says she's done anything?
then in her best imitation of mademoiselle mimeux's arrogant manner.
ext/int—maxim's famous paris café—day
it takes the young jewess a moment or two before she realizes she's not being led to a gestapo interrogation room, a railroad car, or a concentration camp, but to lunch.
the best table at maxim's.
three people, and two dogs, sit at it: germany's minister of propaganda and the number-two man in hitler's third reich, joseph goebbels; his female french translator and mistress, francesca mondino; and young private zoller.
—it's only the offspring of slaves that
goebbels's voice says offscreen:
he looks to francesca to translate, but she's just taken a big bite of tiramisu.
and normally, this is herr goebbels's french interpreter, mademoiselle francesca mondino.
narrator's voice comes on soundtrack:
francesca mondino is much more than goebbels's french interpreter.
she's also goebbels's favorite french actress to appear in his films .
from one of francesca's b/w goebbels produced productions.
a subtitle appears below naming the film's title:
and goebbels's favorite french mistress, to act in his bed.
it's quite good.
francesca interprets goebbels's german for shosanna.
goebbels little do i know he's become the toast of paris, and now he must find time for me.
so fräulein mimieux, let's get down to business.
unless the girl's a simpleton, i'm sure she's figured it out by now.
to abandon previous plans for private zoller's film premiere and change the venue to your cinema.
german to francesca what's the issue?
that's almost four hundred less than the ritz.
but herr goebbels, that's not such a terrible thing.
when the war's over,
i'm inclined to indulge you anything, i must watch a film in this young lady's cinema before i can say
that's nonsense, fräulein.
the world's only alternative to the degenerate jewish influence of
and it's so funny.
that's a great idea.
let's watch "lucky kids" tonight.
wouldn't be surprised if sixty years from now, it's "lucky kids" that i'm the most remembered for.
very well, i'll have a print sent over to the fräulein's cinema.
the s.s. officer sits down, and it's our old friend from the first scene, col. hans landa.
francesca's memory is jogged.
she repeats it by whispering it in goebbels's ear.
oh, yes, of course, that's it.
that's what we need, pigs that can root out jews.
we're all going to the fräulein's cinema tonight to view
then the reich minister's companion, mademoiselle mondino, interrupts:
mademoiselle mimieux's eyes go to private zoller, who responds.
hans, the boy means no harm, he's simply smitten.
and he's correct.
as security chief, i simply need to have a chat with the possible new venue's property owner.
col. landa offers the young jew in hiding a seat at a small table in the outside patio area of maxim's.
the fluency and poetic proficiency of the s.s. jew hunter's french reveals to the audience that his feigning clumsiness at french with monsieur lapadite in the film's first scene was simply an interrogation technique.
it's not so terrible.
she's about to answer when a waiter approaches.
the key to col. landa's power and/or charm, depending on the side one's on, lies in his ability to convince you he's privy to your secrets.
it's come to my attention you have
yes, he's a frenchman.
he's the only other one who works with me.
private zoller's feelings for me aren't of a romantic nature.
it's sounding more and more romantic by the minute.
and with that he's gone.
to be amused by the aryan antics of goebbel's frank capra copy "lucky
she chuckles at that thought, though it looks like she's chuckling at the german comedy.
she's enjoying the movie.
to shosanna's cinema.
in versailles there's a crystal chandelier hanging in the banquet hall that is extraordinary.
the lobby of shosanna's cinema, pimped out in nazi iconography.
we see workers trying with incredible difficulty to hoist the huge, heavy, and twinkingly fragile chandelier in shosanna's auditorium, which now resembles something out of one of tinto brass's italian b-movie ripoffs of visconti's "the damned."
she's soundlessly escorting them to the door as they make their good-byes.
and with madame mimieux's three hundred and fifty nitrate film print collection,
oui, that's exactly what i mean.
she then twists around so she's straddling him.
but that's not all we're going to do.
hicox's eyes go to the formidable bulldog behind the piano, who's scrutinizing him behind his cigar.
bar's in the globe.
fenech, eyeing the lieutenant's file.
what's that called?
he turns around with his whiskey and plain water and the general's whiskey no junk.
it's a subtextual film criticism study of the work of german director g. w. pabst.
goebbels considers the films he's making to be the beginning of a new era in german cinema—an alternative to what he considers the jewish
how's he doing?
how's he doing?
the motion pictures called "nation's pride."
but it's called "nation's pride"?
i can tell you what it's about.
it's about private fredrick zoller.
he's the german sargeant york.
in nadine, there's a tavern called la louisiane.
she's the one who's
she's
this time, it's in color.
marcel holds gaspar's arm behind him as he forces his head flat against the tabletop.
hands the couple a small silver can of 35mm film, outside the shop window, it's morning.
we see the five heavy silver film cans of fredrick zoller's life story, "nation's pride" clearly marked, on the floor of the projection booth.
shosanna's at the editing bench.
shosanna splices her and marcel's footage into reel 4 of fredrick's film, rewinds it, puts it back in the can, and
hicox is dressed in a german gray s.s. captain's uniform.
wilhelm wicki joins the shot, dressed in a german s.s. lieutenant's uniform.
what if we go in there and she's not even there?
she's a british spy.
anybody not in the scene from the basterd's opening chapter is dead.
that's right, sir.
he continues bringing the blade's edge up, then down on the leather strap.
the renegade gerry sergeant stops his blade's progress and looks up at the limey lieutenant.
if fräulein von hammersmark's cover is compromised, the mission is kaput.
look, she's not a military strategist.
she's just an actress.
the british officer watches the german soldier, who's not supposed to be there.
if we're going, let's go.
nines in a chic, forties-style woman's suit, complete with fedora.
it's german #5's winnetou turn to ask questions.
well, if he's so american, how come he's never been translated into
he's not american.
he's supposed to be american, but he's not
in fact, he's something very different.
i'm american, and that's controversial.
no, it's not controversial.
hamlet's not british, he's danish.
well, i'm glad that's settled.
he's got it.
well, yes, they did, but it's not really that difficult.
the tavern's proprietor, an older, big-bellied
frenchman named earl, comes over to the table and pours more champagne into bridget's champagne glass.
normally that's
the sergeant over there's
she's right.
the french barmaid has taken bridget's place in the rousing, rowdy game.
there's been some new developments.
it's been changed to is considerably smaller than the ritz.
bridget's eyes bore holes in him.
you'll say you're an associate producer on riefenstahl's "tiefland."
it's the
the film's gone through many delays, and leni's health is deteriorating, so if you have to speak .
when he's old enough to ride a bicycle, i will buy
feeling any good nazi officer's patience would have been exhausted long ago, lt. hicox butts in.
i suggest you take hold of your friend, or he'll spend max's first birthday
pola, before the imposter's table.
the french barmaid brings over the major's beer stein.
so that's the source of your bizarre accent?
attending goebbels's film premiere as the fräulein's escort.
you're the fräulein's escort?
the major's dialogue begins to fade away.
it's driving stiglitz crazy, being this close to a gestapo uniform and not plunging a knife into it.
the major's voice comes back on the soundtrack.
so let's give it a try, shall we?
i, however, think that's too easy, so i won't ask that, yet.
now, who's next?
it's only if the fräulein considers my presence an intrusion that i become an intruder.
it's simply the young captain is immune to my charms.
the table's not sure what to do.
that's the sound of
we see all three guns pointed at the appropriate crotches, as well as bridget's legs, right besides the nazi major's.
what's going to happen, major, is you're going to stand up and walk out that
well, if this is it, old boy, i hope you don't mind if i go out speaking the king's?
there's a special rung in hell reserved for people who waste good scotch.
it would appear there's only one thing left for you to do.
fires into hellstrom's balls .
fires into hicox's balls and kneecaps.
they both take and give each other so many bullets it's almost romantic when they collapse dead on the
the german sergeant sends fifty bullets in the door's direction .
aldo's voice yells down the hole:
aldo's voice os
aldo's voice os
so let's talk!
aldo's voice os
it's not my fault!
aldo's voice os
what's your name, soldier?
aldo's voice os
that's the same name as one of the guys you just killed!
aldo's voice os
bridget's voice os
aldo's voice os
who's that?
aldo's voice os
aldo's voice os
aldo's voice os
yeah, she's ours!
aldo's voice os
she's been shot, but she's alive.
aldo's voice os
what's your name?
aldo's voice os
aldo's voice os
aldo's voice os
okay, willi, here's my deal!
aldo's voice os
aldo's voice os
aldo's voice os
well, now, willi, that's true enough.
and let's not forget that little katzenjammer max, growin' up without a pop.
hey, willi, what's with the machine gun?
that's a mexican
now it's your turn.
i'm scared, he's scared, we're all scared.
so what's it gonna be, willi?
from behind aldo and hirschberg, bridget lifts up major hellstrom's walter and empties the remaining bullets into
from the floor, the bloody, sweaty, and in excruciating pain she'll probably lose that leg german movie star says to the two american soldiers she's just meeting for the first time:
what's happening?
donny slams the .45 hard against the old man's head, shocking, scaring, and bringing the old gent to attention.
int—doctor's examining room—night
into a doctor's examining room built into a french country house, with an examining table and medical instruments.
however, it's obviously the medical examining room of a veterinarian.
donny, still holding onto the old man, points in the girl's direction .
she's been shot.
he's a fucking veterinarian, you imbecile!
he's still a doctor.
the old man tries to explain in french that he's not a human doctor
and that one's .
he's an austrian- born jew who immigrated
bending down, he examines fräulein von hammersmark's two pretty dress shoes lying on the floor.
it would appear somebody's missing.
an offscreen soldier's voice cries out:
colonel, this one's still alive!
he's shot in the chest, but it looks like max's daddy is still alive.
it's called suspicious.
he was either there with his men waiting for us, or he was there celebrating his son's birthday.
okay, let's pretend there were no germans, and everything went exactly
however, there's something you don't know.
there's been two recent developments regarding operation
that's not very germanic.
i've been rethinking my position in regards to your paris premiere of "nation's pride."
the führer's attending the premiere.
donny breaks the team's silence:
the führer's attendance, four days ago.
so now, this is me, informing you, hitler's coming to paris.
what's that supposed to mean?
doc's gonna dig that slug outta your
then he's gonna
that's german, ain't
we fill ya up with morphine, till it's comin out ya ears.
that's about it.
no, it's good.
third most, so he'll be donny's assistant.
no, no, no, no, lieutenant, it's not!
int—shosanna and marcel's living quarters—night
we're in shosanna and marcel's living quarters above the cinema.
"night of ‘nation's pride' premiere"
shosanna's standing before a full-length mirror in a real attractive forties-style dress for the premiere.
she's stunning.
this is the first time in her life she's had the opportunity
german brass band that's blaring third reich marches, can be heard coming from below.
shosanna's pov
tons of guests dressed in nazi uniforms, tuxedoes, and female finery, walking up the long red carpet with a big swastika in the middle, naturally leading into shosanna's cinema.
a small gun and puts it in the pocket of her dress, and it's on.
from this point on, there's no turning back.
it's all the way baby, all the fucking way!
marcel's prepping the film reels for tonight.
let's go over it again?
inside landa's think bubble a little scene plays out.
it's none other than sgt.
willi, and yes, he's still alive.
has befallen germany's most elegant swan?
col. landa, it's been years.
so what's happened to your lovely leg?
that's how you injured your leg—mountain climbing?
so uproarious, in fact, that it's quite disconcerting to the four saboteurs.
it's just
and enzo's camera assistant, dominick decocco.
what's your name again?
let's enjoy some champagne.
actually, fräulein von hammersmark's italian associates need help finding their seats.
he looks her in the face and, filled with tremendous guilt, because if he's successful tonight he's going to blow this
jewish with tremendous guilt, knowing if she is successful tonight, she's going to burn him alive, and says:
we'll use mademoiselle mimieux's office.
like he's saying, leave the boy alone, till we come back .
col. landa limps bridget away toward shosanna's office.
as aldo stands in the lobby, more and more people enter the auditorium, till it's only aldo and the six nazi guards/ushers in the now-vacant lobby.
int—shosanna's office—night
shosanna's cinema manager's office.
it's small, cluttered, and dominated by a desk.
the nervous fräulein lifts up her strappy dress shoe enclosed foot and places it in the colonel's lap.
the colonel very delicately unfastens the thin straps that hold the fräulein's shoe on her foot .
leaving only the fräulein's bare foot .
bridget knows she's busted.
what's that american expression .
hans lunges forward, putting his strong mitts around bridget von hammersmark's lily-white, delicate neck, and with all the violence of a lion in mid-pounce, squeezes with all his might.
bridget's face turns tomato red, as the veins in her face bulge and her esophagus is crushed in his grip.
the elegant lady's neck.
she's dead.
step one in hans's master plan, done.
he's jumped by the six nazi ushers .
he's thrown
back and he's
it's
then he's hoisted
aldo's put up against a wall.
inside the black hood, he's screaming every insulting thing about germany, germans, german food, german
col. landa's voice os
he reaches out with his finger and lightly touches aldo's face right in the middle of the hood.
aldo's head violently flinches.
also in the truck is utivich, wearing a makeshift chauffeur's uniform, bound and bagged like the lieutenant.
col. landa turns around and sees from a distance hitler's motorcade pull up to the cinema.
john wayne's a pampered movie star.
aldo takes his foot, finds utivich's foot, and places his foot on top.
in woman's attire, it would have been more convincing.
landa's eyes go to the two nazi guards behind the prisoners.
the german's nickname for you.
the german's nickname for me is the little man?
oh, i'm sure she's in whatever, big bubbling
well, let's just say she got what she deserved.
that's a pretty exciting story.
what's next, eliza on the ice?
if they're still there, and if they're still alive, and that's one big if, there ain't no way you gonna take
so, gentlemen, let's discuss the prospect of ending the war .
so the way i see it, since hitler's death, or possible rescue, rests
it's as if i'm causing his death, even more than yourselves.
aldo's eyebrows reveal that was a good guess.
oooh, that's a bingo.
is that the way you say it, that's a bingo?
let's call it, the terms of my conditional surrender, if that tastes better going down.
35mm film moves through the projector's film gate .
lieutenant raine's dynamite in hitler and goebbels's opera box that assured their demise.
landa placing bomb in hitler and goebbels's opera box.
he's right here.
so i suppose the only thing left to do is lift a glass and toast to donowitz and hirschberg's success.
what's the death toll?
in a few short minutes, it's going to be show time.
it's time.
we see the screen and the audience from marcel's pov in the back of the room.
the audience seems riveted to fredrick's exploits onscreen.
due to curtains placed there, no one notices marcel's actions.
backward of fredrick's sniper battle huge, covering the entire side of the room .
he leans over and whispers something in goebbel's ear we can't hear.
fredrick, it's not funny.
that's playing now, .
donny's feet in the closed toilet stall.
we're eye level with the german soldier, with an army cap on his head, who's done washing his hands .
oh, please, it's been two years since i've done a reel change.
come on, it's my premiere.
well, it's nice to know you can feel something.
even if it's just physical pain.
there's over three hundred dead bodies in russia that, if they could, would testify to that.
soldier's pov
sporting the white dress shirt and black tuxedo vest, he's quite far away, so now he just
the soldier's gun is out of its holster and rising toward donny's chest .
while fredrick's back is turned, shosanna takes a gun out of her pocket and shoots fredrick three times in the back .
the face on the silver screen breaks the young girl's heart .
he's holding a luger in his hand .
the little bell on the 1st projector starts to ring, informing the projectionist it's time for the reel change.
dying or not, if shosanna intends to get her revenge, she's going to have to lift her ass off the floor and execute this fucking reel change.
hirschberg, sitting in his seat, sets the bomb on his ankle, then stands up and begins scooting past everybody in his row's knees.
like the german heroine in one of riefenstahl's mountain films, shosanna climbs up the 35mm film projector, like it was
it's an agonizing effort .
on the silver screen fredrick's ex cu
the way this huge image of shosanna's giant face stares down the auditorium of nazis brings to mind orwells "1984"
when he sees shosanna's giant face, he's gobsmacked.
shosanna's giant face onscreen
shosanna's giant face
shosanna's giant face
jew who's going to do it.
the bomb landa set in hitler and goebbels's opera box .
shosanna's giant face
onscreen shosanna's giant face laughs maniacally at the scrambling little nazis, running in a panic, as flames like
out of a giant blast furnace burst through shosanna's face and climb up the walls of the cinema.
donowitz's toilet bomb
as madame mimeux's cinema burns .
it's a misty early morning in a woodsy area.
utivich, cuff the colonel's hands behind his back.
as utivich cuffs the colonel's hands behind his back, aldo says:
i made a deal with your general for that man's life!
you're willing to barbecue the whole high command, i suppose that's worth certain considerations.
care about you gettin' pensions, merit badges, ticker-tape parades, who gives a damn, let's all go home.
that's what i thought.
he opens landa's s.s. dagger and holds the blade in front of hans's face.
col. landa's pov
and utivich, who's next to him.
the two basterds admire aldo's handiwork.
